
It was as though he was jolted awake from a nightmare.
Rayne's eyes snapped open.
He looked around—this was his bedroom.
He came before the mirror and in it was a handsome young man from an aristocratic family.
19 years old.
Rayne had revived again.
After experiencing death once more, he was sent back to the beginning of the story.
He was Rayne Haines.
He had many titles in this country.
The Number One Successor of the Haines Empire; The Pillar of the Empire in the Future; The Exemplary Youth of Literature and Strength; Why Can't He Just Stop Hooking Up With the Wives of Others; Of Course, He Doesn’t Even Let Young Ladies Off; The Good Prince, Just That He’s a Little Rotten...
At the same time, he was also a transmigrator from a certain blue planet.
As a transmigrator, Rayne originally had a real name. However, after experiencing so many life and death reincarnations, he had already forgotten those insignificant things.
At that moment, Rayne looked at the handsome man in the mirror in a daze.
"Another failure…"
After transmigrating to this world, the mission given to him by the System was to save the world.
In order to accomplish that goal, Rayne had already died a thousand times.
However, what made Rayne furious was that half of the thousand deaths… no, at least 800…
It was all because of his inner circle's backstabbing!!
Rayne was not surrounded by deranged snitches.
That was because all the Emperor backstabbing cases were focused on seven criminals.
They were the seven Imperial Guards, the half-blooded goddesses painstakingly groomed by the Empire's orthodoxy and the ultimate experts who represented the ceiling of the human world.
On average, almost every Imperial Guard had killed this future Emperor more than a hundred times.
Rayne felt as though he had been repeating the same joke of history for the past thousand lifetimes... the Praetorian Guards1.
The process of Rayne saving the world was also the process of him exploring the bottom line of these Imperial Guard ladies.
When he first a…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


Thea Constance.
She was one of the seven Imperial Guards of the Empire and was also the Imperial Guard that Rayne trusted the most in the past.
The maidservant headed towards the Church with Rayne's orders.
What Rayne had to do next was to wait patiently.
According to the rules of the Haines Empire…
The Imperial Guards would only be on call to the Emperor.
They possessed extremely high autonomy. Even if the princes wanted to meet the Imperial Guards, it would depend on their mood at that time.
Given Constance's character, she would not reject Rayne's invitation.
However, that would have to wait till she was done with her work.
While waiting for her, Rayne could think about how he should fight in this generation.
With the downfall of the System, Rayne no longer had the chance to delete the game and restart it.
His final chance dangled right before him.
After a thousand rebirths, Rayne already had a detailed countermeasure for every enemy and difficulty he would encounter in the future.
However, what Rayne could not defeat up till now were his seven Imperial Guards.
The Imperial Guards were the foundation of the Haines Empire and were the strongest individuals of this continent.
In this era, apart from the extremely special ancient mythical species, the only one who could stop a demigod on the battlefield was another demigod.
The bloodline of the gods had never stopped flowing in this continent. Apart from the Haines Empire, other countries would occasionally be lucky enough to recruit one or two demigods.
However, the quality of these wild demigods was naturally incomparable to the demigods that were officially nurtured in the Haines Empire.
Therefore, this also created an unshakable absolute military advantage for the Haines Empire.
Only, an invincible war machine had its own drawbacks.
Due to the success of the awakening ritual of the Orthodoxy Church, the purity of the bloodline of the demigods increased generation after generation. In fact, there were even super monsters with a goddess compos…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


Regarding Constance, if Rayne had to describe her in a single sentence, she would probably be this:
When asked to change positions during sex, she was the type of person who would just push up her glasses and answer with a straight face, "Yes, I understand."
Even among the inhumane Imperial Guards, she was also famous for her coldness and rigor.
Extremely obedient and capable of execution, she could be considered as a heroine among the tools.
However, no matter how useful Constance was, she was still just a single person.
After a thousand deaths, Rayne finally recognized the current situation. If it was just him and Constance, there should be no hope of clearing the game.
If he wanted a better outcome, he had to obtain more powerful chess pieces.
With no other choice, Rayne could only attempt to work with the Imperial Guards once more.
Yet, coercion and bribery were useless against the Imperial Guards. However, Rayne now had another idea.
Perhaps, this was the answer for the Imperial Guards to pledge their fealty to the Emperor.
Before long, Rayne and Constance arrived at the most famous gold squandering cave in the capital.
[Dreamland]
This was a majestic palace that was grand and extravagant. Just by passing by, one could smell a mesmerizing fragrance coming from within.
The wealth amassed from rich merchants all over the world over the years made this degenerate love nest even more spectacular. In fact, it could even compete with the imperial palace next door.
In the fountain at the front square of the palace stood a statue of a succubus with an enchanting figure.
Although she was made of tough rocks, she was sculpted in a life-like manner like a young girl's skin and her vertical pupils were filled with emotions, as though she could speak.
This dragon succubus that symbolized evil and depravity was looking at the imperial palace on the other end with a smile, seemingly provocative and seductive.
The name of the sculpture was Olivia and it was named after the evil god of the Nether Realm who was…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


Dreamland.
This renowned den of vice in the Haines Empire contained a huge secret.
In reality.
This brothel was controlled by a group of fiends from the Nether Realm. They served the Dragon of Lust, Olivia and were commonly known as succubi.
According to the orders of that Monarch of the Nether Realm, they disguised themselves as humans and opened brothels in the capitals of various countries. Thereafter, they lured the local dignitaries into depravity and eventually achieved their goal of controlling the country.
Using such methods, the glory of Olivia had already taken root in many countries of this continent.
However, their operation was a failure in the Haines Empire!
They managed to transform the brothel into an iconic structure of the capital and a famous attraction of the Haines Empire.
However!
In reality, these pitiful succubi were far from as glorious as they looked.
At that moment, a group of succubi were in a meeting at the backstage of Dreamland.
As the leader, the Dragon Succubus slapped the blackboard in grief.
"You bunch of trash!"
"Look at your performance yesterday!"
The Dragon Succubus pointed to a long string of numbers on the blackboard.
"The turnover is 86,000,000 gold pieces!"
This was a huge sum of money!
Simply put, that amount of gold was enough to buy a small country or even launch a coup to topple a medium-sized country!
However, the succubi were not happy at all about the generous turnover!
All of them lowered their heads dejectedly and listened to their leader's lecture.
"There are 36 people who have converted to the Dragon of Lust!"
"What about the important dignitaries of the Empire?"
"Zero!"
"Z. E. R. O!"
The Dragon Succubus leader was about to cry as she slammed the blackboard wildly. "What sort of a lousy place is this?!"
"We've worked hard here for 30 years!"
"Yet, we didn't even manage to corrupt a single official of the Empire!"
Boohoohoo!
The succubi below the stage wiped their tears in grief.
They could empathize with the Dragon Succubus who led t…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


30 years.
A full 30 years!
The succubi of Dreamland had never been so enthusiastic when they received customers!
The Dreamland that was established for 30 years and earned tons of wealth and was renowned throughout the entire continent...
Finally, today!
In the true sense of the word!
Was open for business!
Their customer today was no longer a fat, politically worthless pig. Instead, it was a true core member of the Empire's power class!
The succubi were so touched that they were about to cry.
Happiness came too suddenly!
The next Emperor, Rayne Haines, had come knocking on his own!
The opportunity to topple the Haines Empire and spread the glory of the Dragon of Lust was right before them!
"Comrades!"
"Sisters!"
The Dragon Succubus was excited and worked hard to mobilize everyone before the battle.
"This is the first time we've done anything serious in 30 years!"
"There might only be a single opportunity as such in the history of Dreamland. The opportunity to change our fates is right before us. Now, it depends on whether we're determined to seize this rare opportunity!"
She declared sternly, "Swear in the name of the Dragon of Lust, Lady Olivia!"
The succubi clenched their fists with a solemn expression.
"Squeeze him dry without a single drop left!"
Dragon Succubus: "Alright, let's go!"
Thereafter, the Dragon Succubus carefully selected 10 succubi with the strongest performance and dressed them up before sending them to Prince Rayne's private room.
Even then, everyone from Dreamland felt that they were not enthusiastic enough. As the leader, the Dragon Succubus put on her own perfume and changed into a thin dress before entering the private room.
In the private room.
Rayne was surrounded by a group of succubi disguised as young girls, hugging them left and right in a carefree manner.
As a member of the royal family, Rayne had the bloodline of a goddess as well. Naturally, he was fiendishly handsome, whetting the appetites of the succubi.
Coupled with his status as the prince of the Empir…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


Crack down... on prostitution?!
The Dragon Succubus almost cried when she heard that.
Bloody hell!
Was he f*cking with them?!
Didn't this son of a b*tch know that it was legal for them to open a brothel? 
However… How could Prince Rayne not know about this?
The Dragon Succubus could not help but wonder what this prince was trying to do.
Or rather, what was he trying to investigate?
Coupled with the fact that Prince Rayne was so familiar with the local specialties of the succubi, a thought brewed in the minds of the Dragon Succubus and the other succubi instantly.
This prince came prepared.
He had already investigated Dreamland!
In that case, there was a high chance that he already knew that Dreamland was actually an outpost built by the Dragon of Lust, Olivia, in the capital of Haines...
Had this day finally arrived...?
That was the only logical answer the Dragon Succubus could come up with in her despair.
After 30 years, the reckoning for Dreamland was finally about to begin!
In reality, the succubi had long known that this day would come.
The fact that they were living beings of the Nether Realm could not be hidden from the eyes of the demigod Imperial Guards. The reason why the Imperial Guards did not expose Dreamland till this day was because they still had some benefits to reap.
However, today, that tacit understanding was about to be broken.
The Prince of Haines who represented the Haines Empire was about to settle scores with them.
But, hmm... wait a minute.
Could this be some sort of a roleplay instead?
Suddenly, the Dragon Succubus realized something and wondered if she was being overly nervous.
Perhaps the prince was just waiting for her to raise her butt and beg for mercy?
Wouldn't it be an awkward situation if she were to kill the prince and scamper back to the Nether Realm with the other succubi just because she was overly nervous?
The Dragon Succubus chuckled apologetically, wanting to test the prince.
As for Rayne, as though he had predicted the future beforehand, he said ind…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


Nether Realm.
On the other end of the world that symbolized loss of control and depravity, there were countless deformed gods that were exiled.
In the middle of the Nether Realm, there was a vast forest with beautiful scenery.
That was the home of the succubi.
In the middle of the forest, on a throne made of flowers and vines, a girl with dragon horns curled up lazily.
Her slender fingers slid gently in midair, using the petals as ink to draw the beautiful dream of the previous night on the grass—
It was a dragon f*cking a car!1
"Ah…"
The dragon girl revealed an intoxicated smile.
How perverted!
The strange dragon girl with a weird fetish on the throne was the master of the forest, the queen of the succubi. At the same time, she was a Monarch who fed on the lust of humans.
One of the strongest evil gods of the Nether Realm, the fallen Ancient Dragon Princess, the Dragon of Lust, Olivia.
At that moment, beneath the throne, a follower prostrated on the ground and trembled.
After a long time, the Ancient Dragon Princess finally noticed the visitor. She looked at the follower listlessly from her throne with bloodshot vertical eyes.
"Archduke Antoine, I don't understand. Why did your country's faith in me decrease by close to 30% this month?"
"Peerless Monarch..." The follower reported warily.
"The Haines Empire mobilized troops against our neighboring countries. Our officials are afraid we'll end up like them and are vigorously promoting the faith of the Goddess of Order."
The faith of the Goddess of Order was the state religion of the Haines Empire.
As the Haines Empire expanded, the glory of the Goddess of Order spread to other parts of the world as well.
Furthermore, it squeezed the living space of other religions continuously.
"Archduke Antoine, I don't wish for this to continue,"
Olivia pulled off a strand of hair and threw it to the follower.
"This is my dragon scale. Use it well."
The follower held her hair in reverence. "I-I understand... Peerless Monarch."
"Within a year, I want my foll…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


The door to the Nether Realm beneath Dreamland had already opened.
The succubi stood at the side in fear and wiped their tears, mourning their tragic fate.
What the succubi did not expect was that the Imperial Guard brought by Prince Rayne was the legendary Thea Constance!
In the history of the Haines Empire, typically, the combat strength ranking of the Imperial Guards could be determined simply and crudely by the purity of their bloodlines.
The divinity of the demigod Imperial Guards produced by the Haines Empire was based on the essence of their Main God—Order.
With the same divinity and education, the lineage demigods of the Haines Empire could naturally be ranked based on the purity of their bloodlines.
However, Thea Constance was a complete exception.
Not only was she the only Imperial Guard in the history of the Haines Empire in the past thousand years who was converted from a wild demigod without any blessings, she was now also the Guard of the Capital, a historical position for the strongest Imperial Guard.
Everything made her seem extremely special.
Furthermore, unlike most demigods, Thea Constance did not seem to have any special hobbies and had almost zero interest in money and power.
Ever since she took over, she had been praying in the Church almost all day, living an ordinary life akin to the serene Buddha.
According to the insiders of the capital, Thea Constance's combat strength was clearly weaker than her six sisters due to her bloodline's purity level. However, that saying was not popular among the masses.
Could the weakest Imperial Guard be assigned to the Empress's side and serve as the Shield of the Empire to protect the lifeline of the Haines Empire?
Everyone believed that there must be a huge secret hidden in this Imperial Guard.
This Imperial Guard was probably the strongest trump card hidden in the Haines Empire.
That was also the reason why the existence of Constance was what terrified the succubi even more.
Dreamland had been operating illegally for 30 years.
As the prot…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


"The Prince of Haines, the future ruler of the Empire and blood kin of Order… Rayne Haines."
There was a teleportation gate beneath Dreamland.
The Ancient Dragon Princess, Olivia, narrowed her eyes and sized up Rayne.
"As you wished, I've accepted your summon. Now, state your intentions,"
The Ancient Dragon Princess's voice was cold and stern.
She had a serious look on her face.
However, in reality, Olivia was extremely excited.
How exciting…
The person who summoned her this time round was the real Prince of Haines.
The new king who was about to replace the sickly Empress and rule over the strongest country!
Although Olivia was a Monarch, her mental state had never changed much because of her status as a Monarch of the Nether Realm.
What was the saying?
Troubles never increased or decreased because of changes in class.
Monarchs had their own troubles as well.
For example, due to the massive expansion of the Haines Empire, the number of followers of the Dragon of Lust decreased. The power of lust that she could once draw from endlessly had long diminished and could no longer fill her appetite as before!
In a few years, her garden would probably start to suffer from a famine!
This psychological weakness was also the reason why Olivia was scammed of so many dragon scales back then.
But now, the real Rayne Haines had appeared before her.
Come on, come on! State your requests!
Olivia was extremely curious as to what the Prince of Haines wanted to say to her.
On the other side.
Although Rayne felt extremely uncomfortable facing this mortal enemy of the past, he forced himself to be respectful towards her.
He said, "Before explaining the purpose of my visit and conversing, Your Highness Olivia, I hope to receive a guarantee from you."
Olivia smiled gently. "Tell me."
"Your Highness, I hope that you can guarantee that you won't use any means to spy on my thoughts."
Olivia had the ability to read minds.
However, Rayne was not willing to let others spy on his brain.
Rayne's request was not for hims…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


With just a few words and a comical performance, Rayne managed to gain a favorable impression from Olivia.
It was true that Rayne had figured out Olivia's temper beforehand in this game and could make use of the advantage to poison her.
However, at the end of the day, it was all thanks to Olivia's subpar intelligence.
This did not mean that the Evil God Olivia was stupid and dumb.
Although she was indeed a fool, her kind and the other gods were not much better.
Gods were not omniscient. On the contrary, they were special creations that were driven by pure emotions or bound by absolute laws.
Typically, it was difficult for something like that to make a logical, intelligent judgment.
Most of the time, they merely reacted based on their innate instincts.
At the end of the day, the gods of this world were all mentally ill to a certain degree.
After dispelling Olivia's suspicions towards him, Rayne could now negotiate terms.
He expressed his attitude respectfully. "As Your Highness Olivia said, I indeed lack reverence for you. However, that does not mean that I will revere other gods. I may not be able to contribute my faith to you yet, but we will definitely be able to negotiate a good collaboration."
Ha... collaboration.
It was true that fiends of the Nether Realm often loved to make deals with mortals.
However, evil gods had never bothered with such tricks.
Rather, it should be said that these mortals were not worthy of negotiating with the evil gods.
The mighty Peerless Monarchs could punish or bless all living beings casually based on their emotions. They did not have to follow any common sense and were unrestrained.
However, some living beings were exceptions.
Olivia was extremely willing to spend some effort to subdue a proud, wild horse like Rayne Haines.
She wanted this insignificant ant to gradually submit and degenerate, eventually becoming the bootlicker of her, the Ancient Dragon Princess, Olivia!
The process would indeed be... interesting!
Olivia smiled. "I hope that you can give me a s…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


[Order]
She was undoubtedly the strongest among all the active gods of the Nether Realm.
At the same time, she was the Main God of the Haines Empire's faith.
It was also this goddess who contributed her bloodline thousands of years ago and imparted the method of mass producing demigods to the Haines Empire.
Furthermore, up till this day, she had been blessing the demigods of the Haines Empire continuously to ensure that the purity of their bloodlines would not be diluted with the passage of time.
She was the founder of the Haines Empire. It could be said that the reason why the Haines Empire could become the strongest country in the current era was because of the favor of the Goddess of Order.
The Haines Empire did not let down the expectations of Order. The country had an extremely firm belief in order and would execute every edict of Order without holding back.
As for the reason why Order wanted to create the strongest Empire in the mortal world, it was naturally not because the citizens of the Haines Empire were pious and firm in their faith.
It was to maintain the balance of the mortal world.
Just like her true name, Order pursued absolute stability.
Given the inferior nature of humans, they would naturally not be satisfied if the mortal world was unified.
The flames of war would only extend into the skies until they reached the palace of the gods.
That was something that the gods were unwilling to see.
The god in charge of managing the mortal world and preventing such malicious events was none other than Order.
In the simplest words, her management method of the mortal world was to cleverly support a few countries that hated one another and make them hostile to one another, maintaining a dangerous balance.
As for the Haines Empire, it was the final adjustment device for Order to maintain that dangerous balance.
The demigod Imperial Guards of the Haines Empire possessed the strongest combat strength in the mortal world. Furthermore, they could ignore physical distance and teleport to every corne…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


That was the end of it.
Olivia's interview with Rayne had ended.
After understanding Rayne's intentions and confirming that he was not a pure fool…
Olivia decided to accept Rayne's cooperation.
"As you wish, Rayne Haines. I'll regard you as an exceptional contractor and grant you strength as well as provide you with support and suggestions… Fu, let us work together for a win-win situation."
At this point, Olivia changed the topic.
Olivia said, "However, save the effort of unifying the mortal world. I don't believe that you have the capability."
Rayne Haines: "Didn't you just say that you'll help me?"
Olivia revealed a smile that was blatantly seductive. "I need you to give me some more practical sacrifices, Rayne Haines. The mortal world is not something you can reach right now. Why don't… you start with some small matters around you?"
Rayne already knew what this b*stard wanted to do.
However, he had to pretend to be ignorant.
"You mean to say…?"
Olivia said, "I heard that the Imperial Guards of the Haines Empire have to maintain their chastity for the sake of their beliefs?"
Rayne replied, "Yes, they are the embodiment of the goddess in the human world. Loving mortals is a blasphemy against the goddess. This is something that the Church will never allow."
Of course, breeding was an exception.
Basically, every single Imperial Guard of the Haines Empire was not allowed to have any close relationship with the opposite sex in their lives. This was not only because of their beliefs, but also for practical benefits.
The demigod Imperial Guards possessed the purest bloodline of the goddess in the entire empire and they would almost certainly be the incubators of the next generation of Imperial Guards.
A demigod was not a true god after all. As long as they did not have a 100% pure bloodline, they would still have a lifespan limit. Furthermore, they would be no different from mortals and might even have a shorter lifespan.
Therefore, whether a demigod Imperial Guard could produce a qualified successor under the control o…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


The main entrance of Dreamland.
Rayne bid farewell to the succubi with Constance.
Rayne said, "I'll make a move first. I'll come look for you guys when I've thought about how I should use you guys."
The succubi bowed to Rayne and said respectfully in unison,
"Take care, master!"
Rayne smiled and waved to the succubi before leaving.
The transaction with Olivia was completed successfully.
Rayne became a collaborator that was personally decided by Olivia and received the first blessing from her.
However…
At the end of the transaction, Olivia mentioned that she hoped to enjoy the moment of Constance's fall into depravity.
Rayne's official reply was…
"You're dreaming."
After knowing the origin of Constance's bloodline, anyone would understand the special status this demigod girl had towards the mortal and even this world.
She was even rarer and nobler than ordinary demigod Imperial Guards.
If the fall of the Imperial Guards was comparable to a feast for Olivia…
In that case, Constance would definitely be the final main dish.
Naturally, in order to enjoy this main dish, Olivia would have to pay an equivalent price for it.
She wanted to start off with a freebie?
No way! She might as well go f*ck Order first!
Rayne knew very well that at the current stage, he only had so many cards that could interest Olivia.
The key was to see how much resources Rayne could squeeze out from Olivia with those cards.
As for Constance's first night, it was Rayne's greatest bargaining chip.
He could not use it casually.
Furthermore…
That would be very unfair to Constance. There was no way Rayne would humiliate his beloved who had accompanied him through a thousand reincarnations just to please this evil god.
The transaction with the Nether Realm had always been so ridiculous.
Fiends did not desire wealth or treasures, but emotions.
Extremely strong emotions.
For example, fiends would give the poor a pile of gold just so they could taste the ecstasy of the moment the poor obtained the wealth.
Or perhaps, they would not mind using a bunch of wo…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


He visited Dreamland to meet the Dragon Princess, Olivia, and successfully struck a dirty deal with her.
At this point, Rayne seemed to have achieved initial victory with his actions.
However, his troubles have only just begun.
Before long, some interested parties found out about Rayne taking an Imperial Guard with him to spend money in Dreamland.
For them, that was good news.
The Empress had been ill for a long time and her body was deteriorating. The crystal throne of the empire might welcome a new master soon.
Naturally, it was impossible for everyone in the entire Haines Palace to support that hedonistic, playboy young prince.
Rayne Haines.
To many people, he did not have the ability to rule over an empire.
Therefore, before Rayne came out of Dreamland, news had already spread to the palace through the messenger incantation.
In a garden in the palace.
Two civil officials were chatting.
"Is this information reliable?"
"Don't worry, newcomer. It's very reliable! A long time ago, His Highness the grand prince1 bribed the beggars in the capital. As long as we spend a few bags of copper coins a day, we can get these beggars to watch over the entire capital for us—even the Imperial Guards won't notice them."
"To think that… Rayne Haines would dare to head to Dreamland."
"He's a divine descendant with the bloodline of the God of Crystal, yet he went to fornicate with those filthy and lowlife fiends. He's blaspheming against the gods!"
"Finally, he has fallen to such a state as well. After this, he'll probably be even more notorious in the palace."
"Most of the people in the palace are foolish and loyal nerds. No matter how bad Rayne's reputation is, it won't stop them from being loyal to the Emperor Haines. Do you know what's the most important thing right now?"
"What?"
"We have to let the Empress know about this!"
"Indeed…"
"We should let Her Majesty recognize the truth as soon as possible. Rayne is a useless piece of trash with a vile mind and foolishness. The throne should still be inherited by…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


There was a secret in the capital.
The omnipotent Imperial Guards could use surveillance magic to its limits such that the entire capital was under the surveillance of this group of demigods 24 hours a day.
Be it the commoners or even the Empress, theoretically, everyone was always under their watch.
It was as though the Crystal Goddess was looking down at the mortal world from the heavens.
Her daughters could also see through the mortal world with ease and control the entire situation.
The officials of Haines were basically well aware of this.
However, when one was locked on by these demigods despite the vast amount of complicated information flowing through…
That fear was still enough to make one shudder.
Nothing good would come out of being visited by the Imperial Guards.
Among the current Imperial Guards, Hela's bloodline was ranked third in purity.
She fit the stereotype of the Imperial Guards in the eyes of ordinary people.
Beautiful, powerful, greedy, cold-blooded and perverted…
Against Hela, the two guilty civil officials lowered their heads hurriedly, leaving only fear in their hearts.
As for Hela, she seemed to be in a good mood with a friendly smile on her face.
"What's wrong? You're not talking?"
The two civil officials shuddered.
Due to the high purity of her bloodline of the goddess, the appearance of the black-haired beauty before them was naturally closer to that of a god and possessed a shocking charm that was almost divine.
Just by looking at her, one's heart would flutter.
If one was alone with her, he would definitely fall in love with her like a lunatic.
This was the magic of the gods and was a manifestation of their power to absorb faith.
With a joyful smile, her tone was light and her eyes were kind, as though she was easy to get along with…
However.
This sl*t merely loved to smile!
Be it on the battlefield or in the palace, she was an executioner drenched in blood.
Although she had killed many foreign enemies, she had persecuted many political enemies as well.
She was as brazen as she could …

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


Chapter 16: Love at First Sight
The perception of a demigod was extremely strong. Even without using any spells, they could easily monitor units the size of a town with their innate blessings.
As for Dreamland…
Hela could naturally monitor every single move of this unit that was built two streets away from the imperial palace.
However, it was a pity that there was a powerful Nether Realm barrier beneath Dreamland that was enough to block Hela's detection.
Therefore, the only thing Hela could sense previously was that not long after Rayne entered Dreamland, the aura of the true form of the evil dragon suddenly burst forth beneath Dreamland.
However, apart from that, Hela did not know the details.
Of course, it was enough for her to understand things to this point.
The Haines Empire was a country with an extremely powerful religious faction.
In this country, there was only a single belief.
It belonged to the strongest human god—the Crystal Goddess, Order.
In such a country, one was practically doomed to be labeled a heretical.
It was almost certain that once the truth was exposed, Prince Rayne's inheritance rights would cease to exist and he would face a religious trial personally with a high chance of losing his life.
However…
Hela did not want to blow things up.
This had nothing to do with Rayne.
Hela was not interested in the politics of the Haines Empire nor did she have any evil intentions towards the grand prince and prince. In any case, no matter who took over, they would not mistreat the Imperial Guards.
Even if the prince died, she would not feel any heartache.
However…
Right now, she had a sister who was embroiled in this matter as well.
In the end, Hela did not visit the grand prince.
Instead, she decided to blackmail Prince Rayne.
Hela only used a split second to lock onto Rayne's location.
At that moment, Rayne had just returned from Dreamland.
After returning to the palace, he parted ways with Constance. According to the schedule given to him by the palace, he still had a sword t…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


After bidding farewell to Rayne, Constance noticed that there were no Imperial Guards guarding the Church. Thereafter, she prepared to return to the Church and continue with her daily prayer ceremony.
However, she stopped halfway.
That was because she had noticed the meeting between Rayne and Hela.
The area of the palace was too cramped for the Imperial Guards and Constance could clearly hear the conversation between Rayne and Hela.
Hela seemed like she wanted something from Prince Rayne.
However, for some reason, Hela failed.
Hela was not someone who would give up on benefits.
Constance was sure Hela would definitely come looking for her soon.
Indeed.
A dimensional tear appeared in front of Constance and the coquettish black-haired beauty walked out with a smile.
Hela beckoned to Constance with a bright smile. "Thea, are you free this afternoon? Do you want to have tea together?"
…
In the garden of the palace, Constance and Hela sat under a pavilion, sipping afternoon tea.
Thea and Hela, the two stunning beauties, decorated the sea of flowers behind them with their bodies, forming a wonderful scenery.
However, this was a beautiful scenery that no one dared to admire.
Hela said, "Speaking of which, I actually saw you working for Prince Rayne today?"
Constance replied indifferently, "He's the future Emperor."
The future Emperor…
Yes, Rayne was indeed the successor to the throne in theory.
Unfortunately, this prince did not know that governing a country was not as simple as sleeping with someone's wife.
Hela asked curiously, "Thea, do you really believe that guy can be the Emperor?"
Constance nodded gently. "Yes, I believe so."
Constance's tone was sincere.
She was speaking from the bottom of her heart…
"Thea, it's not wise to take sides so early,"
Hela was a little helpless. "The fight for power in the royal family has nothing to do with us. Thea, the Imperial Guards never need to get involved in this mess. Although you are indebted to Prince Rayne, there's no need for you to… forget it, let…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


As the successor of the Haines Empire, the palace had prepared the best educational resources for Rayne.
Although Rayne was a simpleton in his first life, he still had some common sense.
As the future Emperor, there was no way he could be ignorant and incompetent.
Therefore, Rayne would study hard for most of the classes.
That was... except any classes related to combat.
Be it magic, swordsmanship or horsemanship, Rayne was not willing to put in any effort.
The reason was simple.
In the Haines Empire, even a fool knew that the Imperial Guards were the main force of this country's output. In this country where ordinary armies lacked performance, what was the use of an Emperor like Rayne practicing his sword techniques?
No matter how fierce he was, could he be fiercer than the Imperial Guards who protected him?
However, Rayne could not slack off in today's swordsmanship class.
That was because Rayne had a new teacher.
This was an important figure.
A duke of the Empire, the Marshal of the North Region Army, the initiation teacher for the swordsmanship of two generations of Imperial Guards and was lauded as the strongest mortal sword master in the Empire—Archduke Norman.
This archduke of the Empire who was in his fifties was still in his peak condition due to the tempering of his magic and martial arts. Not only did he command a large army, he was also on good terms with the Imperial Guards. The faction he led was also one of the strongest political factions in the Haines Empire.
Towards such a big shot, even the prince had to smile accordingly and try his best to please this old man.
After hitching a ride with Imperial Guard Hela, Archduke Norman retreated from the front line and returned to the capital to rest.
Upon discussion with the Empress, the archduke decided to seize this opportunity and teach the prince swordsmanship for a period of time.
The archduke had good intentions.
Archduke Norman had been a straightforward soldier since he was young. Now that the Empress was sick and Prince Rayne was…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


A thousand reincarnations was way too long.
In this abnormally difficult world, Rayne experienced death and rebirth continuously. In each rebirth, apart from trying his best to find a way to break out of the situation, he spent the rest of his time nurturing some hobbies to relieve the pressure.
For example, swordsmanship, magic or combat techniques of other races.
Furthermore, most of the time, he would cultivate those techniques to their limits until there was no possibility of further improvement.
If he wanted to train his martial arts with efficiency, it was definitely not a good choice to focus on a particular technique at any cost without consideration of the time taken.
However, Rayne merely used it as a form of entertainment and did not mind how much time it would take.
Even so… he still managed to learn many skills.
Given his capabilities, if Rayne had the strength of a demigod, even ten Imperial Guards wouldn't be able to defeat him. He could barge right into the upper level of the God Realm and even pull the plug on Order.
However, letting the untalented Rayne obtain strength comparable to the demigod Imperial Guards was actually much more troublesome than crushing the Goddess of Order.
Therefore, at the end of the day, Rayne's swordsmanship could only be used to curry favor with this 50-year-old Sword Freak in the training arena and turn into some pleasant news that could increase his reputation.
Putting away his weapon, Rayne helped the shocked old marshall to the side and chatted with him for a while.
The reason why the archduke came to teach Rayne swordsmanship was because he wanted to deepen his relationship with the future Emperor. As such, Rayne would naturally fulfill his wish.
He patiently explained the principle of his earlier sword strike to the archduke.
Although the old man did not understand, he was deeply shocked.
When the archduke asked with lingering fear how Rayne became so proficient in swordsmanship...
Rayne smiled and provided an explanation.
He said that it was proba…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


"I made a deal with Hela,"
In the quiet Church, against Rayne's question, Constance's reply was extremely concise.
"Is that so?"
After obtaining the answer, Rayne did not continue asking.
After that simple exchange of pleasantries, the two of them stopped talking.
Rayne raised his head and took another look at the magnificent goddess statue.
The long-haired Goddess of Order wielded a crystal spear that was surrounded by magical power dust as she looked down at the masses with a heroic and extraordinary aura.
Even though it was just a statue, it possessed a divineness such that even heretics would want to bow down and convert with just a single glance...
Behind the Crystal Goddess was a monument.
The crystal stele caved in automatically, forming words—those were the names of the past Imperial Guards of the Haines Empire.
All the Imperial Guards were the daughters of Order and were sent into the mortal world by her to protect the Haines Empire.
"Fu…"
Rayne laughed.
This image of Order that was born naturally from silver-white crystals was a unique national treasure of the Haines Empire.
It was placed in the Church in the imperial palace and was only worshipped by the royal family and the Imperial Guards.
When the citizens and nobles of the Haines Empire looked at the statue, they saw a supreme ruler who protected them—this was a flawless goddess worthy of their lives
However, Rayne could no longer see a goddess.
He could only see an orphan of the old era turning into a tragic tumor on the bodies of all living beings of the new era, dreaming of returning to life.
Apart from hostility, Rayne only had pity for it.
After staying in the Church for a moment, he turned to leave.
…
Hela's actions did not exceed Rayne's expectations.
Imperial Guard Hela represented an extremely standard image of the Imperial Guards.
She was greedy by nature and was cruel and violent without knowing it. She only had contempt for mortals and never knew how to respect these ants—she was like the gods.
However, unlike the …

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


In a physical sense, the Ancient Dragon Princess Olivia, appeared in Rayne's eyes.
Rayne's eyes received a blessing from Olivia and it was a blessing of the highest level. Because of that, his eyes became a miniature God Realm controlled by her.
Right now, the Dragon Princess could contact Rayne through his eyes at any moment and even appear in the mortal world using his body.
Through the crack in his eyes, Rayne saw the green forest that did not fit in with the chaotic and filthy Nether Realm.
Olivia was still sitting on the throne of thorns, smiling at Rayne.
She was waiting for Rayne to praise her.
"Your blessing was extremely effective, Your Highness. The moment those demigod Imperial Guards make eye contact with me, their minds will be in a mess and they will be incoherent."
"Fufufu!"
Olivia smiled happily. "Haven't I told you, Rayne Haines? Joining me is definitely the right choice. Don't worry, as long as you can please me, I'll give you even more powerful blessings that you can't imagine."
She continued asking impatiently, "So, when are you prepared to take down an Imperial Guard?"
Rayne replied, "Taming a demigod and making her lust is only the beginning. We have to take it slow."
Olivia smiled. "Indeed, it will be less enjoyable if a prey is too easily gotten. Alright, we'll follow your method and let the Imperial Guards sink into depravity."
Rayne: "However, apart from that, something else happened today."
Olivia asked, "What?"
"Hela caught hold of my weakness and blackmailed away Constance's sword."
"Sword?"
Olivia smiled nonchalantly. "So be it. Although the dragon soul and mithril are good materials, they are not suitable for her. If you want swords, I'll give you two more."
Golden weapons were rare and precious in the mortal world.
However, they were not worth much to the evil gods.
On account that Rayne was an important contractor of hers, it was nothing much to give him two golden weapons.
However, to Olivia's surprise...
Rayne rejected her flatly without thinking.
"Golden wea…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


Ancient dragons.
Due to its history, the highest-level ruler of its race right now was the princess.
Olivia was publicly acknowledged as the Ancient Dragon Princess. Even though she had degenerated into an evil god, her authority as the Ruler of the Ancient Dragons was retained.
But, of course, there were definitely displeased voices.
Not all ancient dragons were willing to be ruled by an evil god.
Therefore, there were naturally many challengers who tried to steal Olivia's authority.
Obadiah was one of them.
The reason why Rayne wanted to cause trouble for Obadiah was extremely simple.
Dragons…
Well, most of them were rich.
Ordinary dragons loved to collect gold, silver and treasures. However, ancient dragons had even more elegant hobbies.
Apart from gold and treasures, they loved to collect antiques.
Naturally, antiques that could be fancied by the ancient dragons were usually extremely valuable.
A large number of rare divine treasures that were rarely seen in the outside world were piled in their lairs like trash.
If these creatures were slightly weaker, they would become targets for all intelligent beings in the mortal world to hunt wildly.
When Rayne was prepared to find a strong piece of equipment for Constance, the first thing he thought of were the treasures guarded by the ancient dragons.
This was something that Rayne did not even dare to think about in the past.
That was because not only could ancient dragons smear the ground with demigods, the most terrifying thing was that these creatures were even immortal.
If anyone dared to take their belongings, they would be hunted to death by this group of immortal mythical creatures.
But now, the situation was different!
Rayne had joined the Dragon of Lust. Right now, he had the backing of the princess of the ancient dragons!
Olivia had the authority to purge the immortality of her subjects.
As long as he could obtain the approval of Olivia, Rayne would be able to accomplish a feat that no one had accomplished since the start of the brand new era.
Killing an anci…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


In a manor on the outskirts of the capital.
Imperial Guard Hela Haines was lying comfortably on the couch in front of the fireplace, enjoying the service of the servants.
Beside her, a few girls in maidservant attires and looked like gods were massaging her feet silently.
Like all the Imperial Guards, Hela's divinity was based on the essence of the Crystal Goddess Order. However, each Imperial Guard was supported by a different aspect of the essence.
Hela's pillar of support came from the former God of Elves, Life.
These girls who looked similar to Hela were all demigod puppets created by Hela using herself as the mother.
Or rather... They were her daughters.
At that moment, Hela was scrutinizing her loot—the Dragon Soul Sword that she obtained from Constance.
As a golden weapon, the quality of the sword was rather high. The Dragon Soul that was used as material had a pure bloodline and some of its components were comparable to an ancient dragon.
Hela was very satisfied.
"Yes."
She handed the Dragon Soul Sword to the puppet that was massaging her shoulders.
"You'll use this in the future,"
However, the puppet glanced at the sword and shook her head resolutely. "I don't want it."
Hela: "Huh?!"
The puppet said in a righteous and stern manner, "You extorted this from Miss Thea. She needs it more than us."
Hela was a little surprised—why was the moral standard of the puppet she created with her blood so much higher than hers?!
Hela stuffed the Dragon Soul Sword into the puppet's hands. "Thea has backup weapons. You don't have to worry about her!"
The puppet still refused to accept the Dragon Soul Sword and she smashed it onto the ground.
With a tense expression, the puppet looked down at Hela as though she was scrutinizing the latter's soul.
"However, Miss Thea only has a single golden weapon. You should know that!"
"Err…" Hela was speechless.
At that moment, she turned her head away guiltily.
Unlike the other sisters, Constance would never seek any benefits for herself and therefore did not have…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


It was not difficult for Hela to determine the identity of the intruder.
Her perception was a blessing of the norm. Logically speaking, if anyone wanted to talk to Hela about something, they could just shout her name from their homes to attract her attention.
With that, everyone could start making deals happily.
However, according to the habits of mortals, they still liked to pay a personal visit, as though it would show more sincerity.
In reality, such sincerity was worthless to the Imperial Guards. The powerful intelligence gathering capabilities of the Imperial Guards were enough to accurately analyze a person's motives and demands through various evidence.
They could tell from a single glance whether one was sincere.
Hela looked at a puppet. "You go."
The puppet nodded.
Thereafter, the puppet girl's body melted into the dimensional rift and shuttled out of the manor.
Before long, the puppet returned.
The puppet held a receipt in her hands. "It's the envoy of the grand prince. It seems like His Highness is still brooding over you killing his men previously."
A puppet that stayed at home asked, "Is the grand prince here to cause trouble?"
Shaking her head, the puppet handed the receipt in her hands to Hela. "How is that possible? He merely wants to talk to you. This is a greeting gift."
Hela received the parchment.
This was a transfer agreement that was signed and in force.
The item that was transferred was a medium-sized gold mine located in Kent County in the south of the capital.
Yes, it was an ordinary gift.
Hela tossed the agreement to the puppet. "Keep it."
The puppet nodded. Thereafter, she arrived at the underground storage and tossed the receipt into a mountain of gold, silver and treasures.
…
The next day.
Hela visited the residence of the grand prince.
Under the lead of a servant, Hela arrived at the grand prince's study. Although she did not see the grand prince here, she saw a spell formation.
It was a voice transmission spell.
The grand prince was not in the capital.
"Miss H…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


Hela rejected the grand prince's suggestion.
"Your Highness, you know the rules. The Imperial Guards will not interfere in the family affairs of the royal family. We are only loyal to the Emperor on the crystal throne."
"…"
The grand prince could not help but laugh when he heard that.
"Miss Hela, there's actually no need for you to come to a conclusion so early. Why don't you take a look at the gift I'm prepared to give you first?"
Wasn't it just some money?
Hela did not wish to offend the few little big shots in the dimensional rift just for the sake of earning some money.
However, the grand prince seemed to be very confident in his gift.
"Miss Hela, listen up. I'll give you an address and coordinates next. There, you'll find a gift I've prepared for you."
This time round, the grand prince did not take out any physical items. Instead, he reported a string of numbers to Hela.
Coordinates?
Before Hela said anything, a puppet in the dimensional rift moved on its own and arrived at the coordinates reported by the grand prince.
Thereafter, the puppet returned and brought about shocking news for Hela.
"Hela, there's a cave there."
"The cave is filled with gold!"
Hela was stunned for a moment. "How much?"
The puppet replied, "If it's converted into gold coins, it's around ten… billion? I-I've lost count! In short, it's just a lot, a lot, a lot! It's already piled into a mountain…"
Hela was a little surprised as well. Although the grand prince was famous for his wealth, Hela was still surprised that he could take out so much gold in one go.
She asked in surprise, "All this gold is a gift from Your Highness?"
The grand prince's voice was kind. "To express my sincerity."
Hela: "…"
Hela fell silent and wavered.
The grand prince had truly offered way too much!
"Hela. What are you hesitating for?"
However, the puppets could not take it lying down. They asked anxiously, "Are you going to agree to the grand prince?"
Hela's gaze wavered. "No… it's not about whether I'm agreeing or not. Didn't you guys see…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


Prince Edgeworth was Rayne's uncle. At the same time, he was the first enemy Rayne encountered.
For Rayne who had been reborn endlessly through reincarnation, every time he restarted, he had to deal with the grand prince first. Over time, destroying the grand prince was as easy as eating and drinking for Rayne.
Regarding this Beginner Boss whom he had fought a thousand times, Rayne knew when the grand prince would play punk and how he should counter every action—he had memorized everything and it was almost like instinct.
The grand prince's voice was dark. "Rayne…"
The moment Rayne Haines appeared, the grand prince's calm and amiable demeanor vanished.
Rayne greeted respectfully, "Uncle."
"Rayne Haines, this is my residence. I didn't invite you today."
Rayne smiled. "That's right, you didn't invite me. You invited Her Excellency Hela. Speaking of which… What were the two of you talking about?"
The grand prince grit his teeth. "It has nothing to do with you."
Rayne walked into the grand prince's study with ease, arriving before the bookshelves as though he was in his own home.
Instantly, the grand prince turned nervous. "What are you doing?!"
Rayne skillfully found an ordinary-looking dictionary on the bookshelf.
Thereafter, he withdrew an IOU from the dictionary.
"Let me see what this is… Prince Edgeworth of the Haines Empire borrowed a billion golden swords from Gold Village. They were forged into gold bars and transported to the Caines Islands in the North for storage."
Rayne read the contents of the IOU and revealed an incredulous expression. "Uncle, were you intending to bribe Her Excellency Hela with dirty money borrowed from the enemy?"
The grand prince was extremely agitated. "Bullsh*t!"
At the side, Hela was enlightened.
So… the gold was borrowed from the dwarves of Gold Village by the grand prince?
It was no wonder why the grand prince could fork out so much money in one go.
However, Gold Village was named as a calamity in the edict of the goddess. As the grand prince of the Haines Empire, what conditions …

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


Theoretically speaking, Hela's puppet daughters were descendants created by Hela using the power of the Goddess of Life.
However, Hela was still a mammalian after all.
It was still a little difficult for her to reproduce alone.
Therefore, apart from the genes of a mother, her daughters required a separate entity to be matched as a father.
In order to ensure the purity of the demigod puppets' bloodlines, Hela naturally had to choose the best father bodies she could find to create the puppets.
In that case, within Hela's reach, who else apart from herself would make the best father bodies?
Naturally, it would have to be her Imperial Guard sisters.
The three daughters that Hela had created right now used the blood of her dear sisters as their father bodies.
In order to save trouble, Hela decided to use her sisters and her name to name her puppet daughters.
For example, Histia Hela was a puppet created by Hela after she extracted the blood of the eldest sister of the current generation's demigod Imperial Guards, Histia Haines.
Of course, apart from a few Imperial Guards, not many people knew about this.
Those who were slightly more knowledgeable merely knew that Hela possessed a group of puppets that looked similar to her. Even those who knew would not be able to match the names of the three girls who looked similar to her.
Therefore, the puppet girl was moved when Rayne managed to say her name correctly.
Initially, she thought that Prince Rayne had merely become more handsome. To think that… he was so considerate.
"Your Highness Rayne…"
The puppet girl blushed and murmured Rayne's name.
In the dimensional rift, the other two puppet girls could not help but feel a little more expectant towards Prince Rayne outside. Since he could identify Histia so accurately... did it mean that perhaps... he knew their names too?
On the other side.
It was different from the ambiguously sweet atmosphere between Rayne and the puppet.
At that moment, the grand prince was so nervous that he broke out in cold sweat.
In …

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


Rayne found evidence of the grand prince colluding with external enemies and even invited Imperial Guard Hela to use teleportation to retrieve more evidence of the grand prince's crimes.
The grand prince was stunned.
Due to his fear and nervousness, his mind went blank in the face of this extremely dangerous situation and he could not think of any countermeasures.
The atmosphere in the study became extremely tense.
The grand prince could not believe that his ending would come so suddenly. In the blink of an eye, he went from being a schemer behind the scenes to being dragged into the open by Rayne and beaten up viciously!
If Rayne were to produce more evidence, the grand prince would be finished.
Colluding with external enemies was not a small matter.
Depending on the evidence found by Rayne, the most tragic outcome might be for the Church to step in with the crime of blasphemy. They would nail the grand prince to a crystal pillar and drain his divine blood before burning him to death!
At this moment, Hela's puppet daughters readily agreed to the prince's request and waited for him to report the coordinates.
It was as though tragedy was predestined.
The journey of the grand prince would come to an end today.
However…
Right then, the strangest turn of events happened.
Rayne was about to speak when he suddenly recalled something.
He looked at the IOU in his hands and sized it up, frowning sternly.
Thereafter, he crumpled the IOU into a ball and tossed it casually.
"I was wrong. This IOU is fake. Sorry for disturbing you, uncle,"
With that said, Rayne left the grand prince's residence right away.
There was no hesitation at all.
Fake…?
The grand prince was dumbfounded and his heart skipped a beat.
That IOU was clearly authentic!
The crisis that had appeared suddenly was resolved instantly as well.
Now that Rayne was gone, no one would expose him anymore. This made the grand prince heave a deep sigh of relief.
However, after a moment of relaxation, a chill enveloped the grand prince.
Fear struck…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


If the prince were to suddenly die one day, regardless of the cause, Hela would know that it was the grand prince's doing.
Furthermore, she could conclude that everything Rayne said was true.
At that time, the grand prince would be in an extremely dangerous situation.
Although the Imperial Guards were not interested in the morals of the mortal world, they still had to abide by the ironclad rules written in the edict.
The Imperial Guards were happy to watch the internal strife within the royal family.
However, once the royal family committed treason, the Imperial Guards would no longer be standing by the sidelines.
The grand prince was spared by the prince.
However, he was now in a desperate situation.
The prince had a hold on him but there was nothing he could do about it.
Before the fight for the throne even began, the grand prince had already lost half of it.
Of course.
Right now, there was also someone who could reverse this adversity.
It was still Hela.
That was because Hela also knew a secret that belonged to the prince.
Similar to the grand prince, the prince had also committed a crime that violated the ironclad laws of Order.
The prince colluded with the evil dragon and even received her blessing openly.
If Hela was willing to tell the grand prince about this, he would be able to turn the tides and return to the same starting line as the prince.
If they both had a hold on one another, it would be equivalent to nothing.
Hela thought to herself…
The actions of the prince and grand prince had seemingly allowed her to be the greatest victor to reap the rewards.
In that case, what should she do?
Right now, in the dimensional rift, the three little big shots were bewitched by Rayne's sugar-coated shells.
As demigod puppets, the few of them had less tolerance towards the corrosion of the Nether Realm than the actual Imperial Guards to begin with. As such, they were even more affected by the prince's bewitchment.
The three puppet girls were delighted just by the prince mentioning their names a…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


Rayne's suggestion shocked Hela completely.
Hela was dumbfounded as she looked at Rayne without saying anything.
The elimination of the immortality of an ancient dragon made hunting an ancient dragon possible.
This was something unimaginable in the mortal world.
As an ancient and rare race, due to their long lifespans, every single ancient dragon occupied an extremely important position in their society.
The loss of every single ancient dragon would shock the entire race.
Coupled with the fact that they were protected by an incomparably powerful god…
The eventual outcome was that after Olivia advanced to become an evil god, she gave everyone in her race an immortal body with a wave of her hand.
As long as Olivia was not injured, the entire ancient dragon race would be able to share her eternal glory.
Of course, unruly idiots were the exception.
At that moment, Hela was shocked at the generosity of the evil dragon, Olivia, to be willing to sacrifice a comrade to strike a deal with Rayne.
She did not dare to imagine how big of a deal this lad had committed to the evil dragon...
However, as a beneficiary, Hela decided to ignore that.
Of course, what Hela did not know was that Rayne had practically taken advantage of the Ancient Dragon Princess for free.
When Rayne signed the contract with Olivia, one of the hidden benefits that he had expected was the chance to loot a few lairs of the ancient dragons.
And now, Rayne decided to use an ancient dragon's lair to upgrade Constance's equipment. At the same time, he would give the remaining trash to Hela to curry favor with her.
Rayne was not willing to let Constance complete the mission to suppress the ancient dragon.
Right now, the quality of Constance's equipment was poor. Furthermore, it was not yet time to unlock many of her cheats. As such, it would be difficult for her to deal with the ancient dragon.
However, Hela, this orthodox Imperial Guard, had been extorting and looting everywhere like a diligent bee ever since she took over the position. Event…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


After knowing that she would benefit immensely by following Rayne, Hela's attitude changed instantly.
She held Rayne's hand, her eyes filled with sincerity and gentleness.
Miss Hela was an extremely dedicated person.
As long as there was money to be made, this cold-blooded and cruel demigod lady would similarly display shocking loyalty and passion after entering business mode.
Although the grand prince's gold was tempting, it was pathetic compared to the treasure of an ancient dragon.
At this moment, Hela looked at Rayne warmly—she had a clear goal in mind.
She was following this man!
Hela said, "However, Your Highness, I can't defeat the ancient dragon alone, alright?"
Rayne was extremely confident. "Don't worry, we'll definitely win if we go together."
"Yes, alright then!"
Hela felt that she was not a match for the ancient dragon.
However, Rayne seemed confident.
Since Rayne was going to join her on the battlefield, there should be no way he would set himself up, right?
Furthermore, the matter of hunting the ancient dragon was the result of the deal between Rayne and Evil Dragon Olivia. In that case, the evil dragon must have prepared a countermeasure for Prince Rayne to defeat the ancient dragon.
Yes, that should be the case.
Hela had already made up her mind and there was only a single problem.
"In that case, Your Esteemed Highness..."
Hela asked with a smile, "When do you intend to lead your dear subject into the fray?"
The answer was…
Now.
Rayne replied, "We'll set off immediately after I inform Her Majesty."
Hela agreed with a smile—she should head to the Church to make a report as well.
Of course, there was no way she was going to say that she was hunting an ancient dragon.
Therefore, both parties took action respectively. Furthermore, Hela told Rayne that he could summon her at any time after he was done.
…
After bidding farewell to Hela, Rayne headed to the Empress's chamber.
At this point, things progressed exactly as Rayne had planned.
Be it Hela or the grand prince, their rea…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


The woman who was sleeping peacefully was Rayne's mother, the Empress of the Haines Empire.
As the mother who gave birth to an Imperial Guard, the Empress possessed the most noble bloodline of the goddess in the entire Empire apart from the Imperial Guards.
Time had not left a mark on her after 20 years of rule. From her appearance alone, she could be considered as sisters with Constance.
Rayne had always had a good impression of his Queen Mother.
It was not only because she was the mother who raised Rayne.
More than that, it was out of Rayne's admiration for her.
Be it in terms of bloodline or ability, Rayne acknowledged her as a qualified Empress.
Under her lead, although the Haines Empire did not head for the next stage of prosperity, the development in the past dozens of years was stable and peaceful. She was gentle and restrained towards outsiders and maintained a benevolent administration from the beginning to the end.
The Imperial Guards got along well with her and were as close as sisters.
She was a loyal follower and had always been dutiful. In the place of her god, she used peaceful methods to maintain the order of the mortal world.
Unfortunately...
This Empress would die in less than two years.
What was about to kill the Empress was not the lung disease that was officially declared.
It was a curse.
It was a curse set up by hundreds of top-tier mages in the mortal world.
The dominance of the Haines Empire undoubtedly made it the public enemy of the entire mortal world.
Worship, reverence, fear, hatred… the name of Haines was imprinted in the hearts of all mortal civilizations with different colors.
There were countless people and groups that were hostile towards the Haines Empire.
As the benchmark of the Empire, the Empress of Haines attracted most of the malice.
In this high fantasy world, assassination through curses was extremely common. Naturally, the corresponding countermeasures had long been perfected.
That day, mages from all over the mortal world joined forces to cast a curse …

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


Leta.
That was the last land of the elves in the current mortal world.
The rampage of the quasigods forced the elves to use their magic to escape from the ground and hide in the clouds.
Leta was the last stronghold of the elves that remained on the ground to fight against the quasigods tenaciously. It symbolized the final glory of the elves.
Although it was still not as strong as the Haines Empire, this country that had fought against the quasigods for thousands of years could be considered well-versed in martial arts.
If they did not want to start a war, it would be best for Hela and Rayne not to use teleportation magic within Leta's territory.
Although it was convenient, it was precisely because it was too convenient that every capable country would desperately develop countermeasures against teleportation magic in order to guard against sneak attacks from the Imperial Guards.
Leta was naturally one of them.
As Leta also possessed a demigod who could use teleportation magic, they developed a spatial fluctuation detection formation system that could discover all teleportation magic within the borders instantly.
If Hela were to set the coordinates of the teleportation magic within the territory of Leta…
She would see a teleportation gate open up opposite her as well the moment she entered Leta.
Thereafter, the disgruntled face of the elf demigod would appear before her.
Thereafter, he would accuse humans of all sorts of evil while fighting Hela to the death.
Therefore, the plan Hela and Rayne chose was to teleport to the borders of Leta first before using conventional movement methods to head to the lair of the ancient dragon.
Borders of Leta.
In the desolate Gobi Desert, a pitch-black crack opened silently.
Rayne and Hela walked out of the dimensional rift.
In the blink of an eye, the scenery before Rayne had changed from a gorgeous palace to a barren wilderness.
Hela looked at Rayne with concern.
Using a mortal body to cross space was an extremely dangerous thing. Even with Hela's full protecti…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


Leta borders.
An extremely simple, crude and small mobile city crawled through the desolate ancient battlefield like an indescribably ugly building block pieced together by a stupid child.
This ugly creation was driven by 16 pairs of rusty mechanical limbs and eight large thrusters that were placed at the back of the machines in an insane manner.
It let out a deafening sound and charged forward recklessly, as though it could fall apart at any moment. At the same time, it scattered a trail of broken parts.
This mobile city belonged to an orc tribe.
There was a brilliant name for this mobile city.
Spring Breeze and First Love.
That's right.
The moment the leader of the orcs caught sight of this mobile city, he had already decided on this poetic and beautiful name for his beloved ship.
He expressed that this indescribable thing resembled his first love!
In other news...
The leader had never been in a relationship before.
As one of the most artistic and innovative races that were not recognized in this land, when the wandering orcs dug out this massive object that was riddled with holes around the lair of an ancient dragon in the frozen ground in the north of Leta, they worked on restarting it immediately—the result was a radical transformation that could proudly piss the engineers who designed it to death.
Thereafter, Spring Breeze and First Love became a reliable partner for the orcs to kill, rape and loot. Riding on this powerful mechanical beast, the orcs wreaked havoc at the desolate borders.
On the bridge, orc technicians were furiously attacking the control console, trying their best to maintain the operation of this chaotic and ugly trash.
More than half of the values on the instrument panel flared red and alarms rang wildly.
Yes, it was operating normally!
Suddenly, a young technician sitting in a corner received an abnormal communication.
After decrypting the communication, the young technician's expression changed.
"Boss!"
The young technician shouted to the largest orc on the bridge, "Th…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


The lair of the ancient dragon, Obadiah, was located in the north of Leta's Desolate Tundra.
That was the most desolate and dangerous no man's land in Leta. However, at the same time…
It was also the most strategically safe area.
Quasigods that roamed the mortal world could invade Leta from any direction and massacre the elves.
However, that was not the case in the north.
That was because there was an ancient dragon lair there.
The so-called lair was definitely not an ancient ruin that would only attract scavengers—there was truly an ancient dragon occupying the lair.
The Dragon Princess candidate of the Desolate Tundra, Obadiah, would repel all intruders who dared to barge into the territory.
Against the threat of the ancient dragon, quasigods would generally not invade Leta from the north.
Leta knew very well that the ancient dragon had no interest in the ants that lived next door to his house. Therefore, in order to conserve their troops, they decided to leave the defense of the northern border to the dangerous Desolate Tundra.
However…
It was also the reason why bandits roamed the northern border in the future, causing it to become a treacherous place.
Hela summoned a mount and traveled with Rayne.
After traveling till night, they arrived at a town. At this moment, Rayne suggested that they rest in the town for the time being.
Hela naturally had no objections to her boss's suggestion.
This was an extremely ordinary small town at the borders and not many people could even remember its name.
However, there was another name in this small town that was renowned throughout the entire northern border.
Here, there was the most famous brothel at the borders, Miss Alice.
After entering the small town, Rayne arrived at the famous attraction at the northern border of Leta without a second word.
Hmm...
Hela followed behind Rayne, feeling a little surprised.
Was the prince going to squander money here?
This was way too strange.
After all, the entrance of Rayne's house was the most famous gold squander…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


There was no need for a bloodline appraisal or a family tree check.
The moment Hela saw Alice, she determined the latter's identity.
There was no doubt that she was a noble with divine blood flowing through her.
That was because her face was extremely similar to the final god of the elves, Compassion.
Of course.
The citizens of this small town would not know about this.
It was the same as the crystal statue of the goddess that stood in the Church of the royal family.
An image that could truly depict the true appearance of a god was a supreme treasure that was extremely rare in the world.
If the elven nobles from the capital saw Alice, they would be moved to tears for her existence.
However, if it was an ordinary elven commoner or outsider who saw Alice…
In that case... the only thing that would produce tears would be the bottom half of their bodies.
However, no matter what, Alice's impossibly beautiful body was enough to deal a blow to her sisters in the same trade in this remote town.
In order to make full use of Alice's body…
Not only did the owner of the brothel name the place after Alice, she even thought of an extremely talented cross-generation marketing strategy.
"Excuse me, what's your name?"
"Rayne? Oh, what a familiar name. I might have heard of you somewhere."
"What do you want, customer? Golly... why are you staring at me?"
Alice smiled. "Am I the one you want? Sorry, I'm not for sale."
With that, the girl pointed to the promotional poster in the shop.
In Miss Alice, the minimum starting price for services was 300 coins. The most expensive package that included the top girl of the place cost 9,000 coins.
In the capital, that amount would only be enough for the cheapest girl.
However, in a small town at the borders like this, it was considered top dollar.
Yet, as the walking signboard, Miss Alice was not among those price lists.
As she had said...
She was not for sale.
The owner of this brothel had set up a very mysterious system.
Lottery draw.
Anyone who spent 1,000 coins in t…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


3,000,000 coins.
It was not much money for the prince of an Empire.
However, the main question was how he could fork out 3,000,000 coins in this foreign country.
Thankfully, Rayne brought Hela along with him for this trip.
Hela reached into her sleeves and a dimensional rift opened silently.
Thereafter, a fair hand reluctantly handed over the prostitution fee for her lover.
"I don't have any Leta coins in my savings. We're at the borders so I guess bartering should be a popular option,"
Hela took out a clay jar with a strange-looking worm in it.
"This is a treasure I found in the Emerald Plains. It's said that it can devour souls without killing anyone. However, I've tried a few times… but it doesn't seem like the case."
"This thing is worth 3,000,000 coins?"
Alice sized up the little worm in the jar curiously. Indeed, this little worm looked strange.
However, it should… shouldn't be worth 3,000,000 coins, right?
She was puzzled. "I'm sorry, customer. What is this exactly?"
Hela smiled. "It's the residue of a quasigod."
F*ck!
Alice's legs went limp and she nearly fell to the ground.
Quasigod.
That was the number one nightmare of the elves.
When she knew that the worm in the jar was a part of a quasigod, Alice began to panic instinctively.
However, she composed herself before long.
Calm down…
No matter how dangerous the quasigods were, this item was already sealed properly by the two unidentified guests before her.
There shouldn't be any danger.
Furthermore, as a country that was invaded and attacked by quasigods all year round, the body component of a quasigod was indeed extremely useful in Leta and could be sold for a good price.
If this was truly the residue of a quasigod, these two customers would clearly be taking a loss by exchanging this for 3,000,000 coins.
However, it seemed like the black-haired customer despised this residue. She probably did not want this residue because its ability disappointed her.
Therefore, in other words…
Alice was truly bought.
She had never thought that…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


On the Gobi Desert, Spring Breeze and First Love roared and sprinted all the way. Finally, a day later, they arrived at the destroyed orc tribe.
Indeed, it was the same as the report.
This place was destroyed instantly by some unknown terrifying power, leaving nothing behind.
After killing all the scavengers who rushed over because of the commotion, Spring Breeze and First Love continued on their way.
"Time to go, lads!"
The leader of the orcs was ecstatic. "Those weak pointy ears don't dare to provoke orcs at all. Let's see just who it is that wants to challenge us!"
The mobile city that was sprinting opened the portcullis on the side. Countless goblins rode on trash motorcycles made of scrap metal and rushed out of the mothership, scattering in all directions.
However, before long…
A scouting trash cart sent back a message.
"Boss! I see someone blocking our path ahead! It's a pointy ear! A female one!"
"Hahahahaha!"
A series of maniacal laughter broke out from the bridge. "Ram her to death then!"
In front of Spring Wind and First Love, an elven mage girl looked calmly at the mobile city that was approaching from afar.
Thereafter, she looked down at the geomantic compass in her hands.
From that gigantic and distorted moving trash mountain, she had actually discovered... a reaction of divinity.
"Teacher, I've found a suspected intruder… I'll leave the rest to you."
Creak.
The moment the mage girl said that, a faint cracking sound appeared above her head.
Cracks appeared in the invisible air.
Boom!
Immediately after, an indescribably terrifying power shattered space and descended!
An elf woman with long silver hair walked out of the shattered space.
It was a peerless beauty with a tall figure and a cold demeanor. She exuded a noble aura like a god.
However, her complexion reeked of death.
When the orcs on Spring Wind and First Love caught sight of the silver-haired pointy ear who shattered the space, they went silent instantly.
Good news...?
They must have found the culprit who destroyed th…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


The mage girl sighed. "Unfortunately… the Starfy Compass can only react the moment a divine being enters Leta. Right now, we no longer know the identity of the intruder."Even so, the mage girl frowned. "But no matter what, a group of orcs shouldn't possess divinity, right?"
"I'll leave the investigation to you,"
With that statement, the silver-haired demigod turned and walked to a withered tree, meditating to recover her stamina.
"I understand, teacher."
The mage girl nodded. Her teacher was a person of few words; although she did not explain her intentions directly, the mage girl could understand what her teacher meant.
There must be some unknown secret within this ugly orc machine.
A few hours later.
Spring Breeze and First Love was already torn into pieces.
Dozens of large puppets made of rocks were dismantling the machine in an orderly manner.
As more and more scrap metal was removed from the mobile city…
In the core region of the mobile city, the mage girl discovered a piece of mithril component that was welded layer by layer with scrap metal.
Before long, even more mithril components were discovered.
To the astonishment of the mage girl, the entire mobile city of the orcs seemed to have been obtained by modifying an unknown large elven machine!
On the mithril components, the mage girl caught sight of an ancient emblem.
For a moment, she was so shocked that she forgot to breathe.
"Teacher, teacher!!!"
The mage girl ran excitedly to the silver-haired demigod and handed the latter the emblem she had copied.
"Teacher, look! This is the emblem I found at the core of that mobile city! I-Isn't this the emblem of the Emerald Moon Queen?!"
The mage girl said excitedly, "The orcs modified machinery left behind by the Emerald Moon Dynasty into this warship!"
"Yes…"
The silver-haired demigod took a deep breath and struggled to prop up her weak body as she walked towards the battered debris.
"Fia... let me ask you. Do you know what was the greatest invention in Leta during the era of the Emerald Moon …

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


In a luxury suite of Miss Alice.
After a night of passion, Alice laid on the wet velvet bed. She had a dazed expression and panted heavily. Her beautiful body was still convulsing from time to time from the aftershock of the intense exercise.
"Mr. Rayne... it seems to be... morning now..."
Although she was lying on the bed, Alice did not have a single moment of rest that night.
Theoretically, losing her virginity should have been something... extremely painful.
However, it was as though she had taken an additive that caused her brains to melt within the sweet nectar of joy.
In the blink of an eye, she caught sight of the morning sun rising outside the window and the night had passed...
Alice looked at the man beside the bed in a daze, her eyes filled with love and endless desire.
As someone who worked in the brothel, it was naturally normal for her to hear her fellow sisters conversing about their work experience.
According to the teachings of her senior, the loss of virginity was a painful experience.
It was even more so for prostitutes. These paying customers would not bother about cherishing women.
Initially, Alice was mentally prepared.
After all, Mr. Rayne had spent a lot of money. Naturally, she could not ask him to accommodate her in bed.
However, the truth was far beyond Alice's expectations…
Similar to the fiends under the command of the Dragon of Lust, Mr. Rayne used his superb technique to mold Alice's crevice with his shape.
Mr. Rayne... was indeed a sly man.
After experiencing such a crazy night, she would probably never have a climax because of another man in her life… even if saying that made her seem extremely cheap.
However, at that moment, she truly felt that… she had fallen in love with Mr. Rayne.
Unfortunately, it was daybreak and the wild love of the night dissipated like a bubble. She and Mr. Rayne had once again become two unrelated strangers.
"Good morning, Alice. It was hard on you last night." Rayne glanced at the gradually bright daylight outside the window.
He stretched and began to dres…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


Morning.
Hela was awakened by some unhealthy noises and opened her eyes. When she woke up, she saw a mysterious scene…
"… What are the three of you doing?"
Unknowingly, Hela's three puppets had run out of the dimensional rift.
At that moment, their faces were flushed and their hearts were racing. Their bodies were limp as they panted.
After admiring some overly exciting scenes, they were deeply shocked and were still reminiscing about everything that happened in a daze.
"His Highness Rayne… is amazing. How can he… be so powerful…"
Hela narrowed her eyes. "Hey!"
"Ah! Hela? You're awake?" The puppets were jolted awake and looked at Hela.
"If you're asking about breakfast, it has already been sent over and it's there. Is there anything else?"
Of course there was something else!
Hela asked, "Can you tell me why you guys are chattering like three female cats in heat?"
At the mention of this topic, the puppets could not help but blush. They said excitedly, "Hela, don't you know?"
Hela was even more confused. "Know what?"
"His Highness Rayne was truly amazing last night!"
The puppets gestured excitedly. "We never knew that His Highness Rayne's techniques were so terrifying… did you know? U-Using only 10 seconds, he made a pure and proud descendant of the Moon Goddess, d-during her first night, she... sprayed like a bottle of champagne that was popped!"
Hela was a little stunned. "Is this what you guys discovered? You guys spent the entire night peeping at your future Emperor having sex?!"
The puppets said in unison, "That's right!"
They were extremely self-righteous.
After all, they possessed the powerful perception of the demigods. Even if the puppets wanted to disregard it, they could not ignore that alluring scene!
It was no exaggeration to say that after observing the epic battle between the two future rulers of Leta and Haines for the entire night... They were completely touched.
To think that Prince Rayne was not only beautiful, but also as strong as a celestial being in actual combat… that was a perfect artistic pe…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


Under Alice's reluctant and sorrowful gaze, Rayne bid farewell to her and left Miss Alice.
Throughout his thousand rebirths, Rayne was the Prince of Haines and future Emperor.
Naturally, he had many dealings with the Queen of Leta.
The Elven Empress, the Emerald Moon Queen, Alice.
She and her country were once Rayne's strongest opponents in the mortal world.
She possessed four battle-hardened elven demigods and a large number of terrifying inheritances left behind by previous dynasties against the quasigods—that was not inclusive of the immense strength of the Emerald Moon Queen herself.
Hence, Leta became a strong foe that even the Haines Empire had to fight with all their might without daring to slack off.
However…
The Emerald Moon Queen had a huge weakness as well.
It had something to do with her background.
The Emerald Moon Queen was not a traditional noble selected from the Leta palace.
She was an abandoned infant with noble blood that the demigods found at the borders of Leta after bypassing the palace.
Before the demigods found her, she was only an ordinary elven girl and even worked in a shameful place like a brothel.
Therefore, it was clear.
Before Empress Alice became the Emerald Moon Queen and ruled over Leta…
In her childhood, she was someone easily manipulated.
At the same time, she was extremely fragile.
For a long time, Rayne's strategy had always been to ask Constance to take him to the northern border.
Thereafter, he would bury this Emerald Moon Queen before she even got a chance to ascend.
After that, the demigods of Leta would still choose other Moon Queens.
However, from Rayne's perspective…
The other idiotic heirs were much weaker than Alice.
At most, they were at AI difficulty.
This time round, Rayne could have killed Alice like before.
However, he had already decided to change tactics in this final rebirth.
He had already started on his collaboration with Olivia and was even trying to curry favor with Hela.
Naturally, it was also acceptable to treat the Emerald Moon …

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


After bidding farewell to Mr. Rayne, Alice sat on the bed dejectedly for a long time.
"Mr. Rayne…"
Finally, she hugged the blanket and sniffed the remnant scent of Mr. Rayne on it as her exhausted body slowly fell into slumber.
"Alice, wake up! Alice!"
After a long time, the soundly asleep Alice was awakened by her boss's voice.
Alice opened her sleepy eyes and saw her boss sweating profusely, calling her name with a trembling voice.
"Alice, wake up. An important figure… wants to see you…"
An important figure?
Alice asked vaguely, "Am I to serve a customer? But I'm so tired…"
"Alice, stop fooling around!"
The boss yanked Alice out of bed. "Hurry and wash your face and change your clothes! When you see that important figure later on, you have to be respectful! Answer all her questions without adding anything unnecessary! Do you understand?!"
After washing up briefly, Alice changed her clothes and walked out of the suite to the hall where guests were gathered.
However, the moment Alice entered the hall…
She who was so sleepy that she could not open her eyes a moment ago jolted awake instantly.
The hall today was unusually quiet.
Miss Alice, which was usually lively and loud, was dead silent today.
Although it was filled with customers, their heads were lowered and none of them dared to move or leave their seats.
In the entire dance hall, only one seat in the corner exuded an extremely strong sense of existence that almost felt like a threat!
Alice looked over blankly.
A stunning silver-haired beauty that resembled a goddess was chewing a piece of bread expressionlessly.
A piece of bread and a cup of water.
That was her lunch order.
The silver-haired beauty possessed a godlike charm. However, for some reason, she looked… extremely haggard.
Her purple eyes were a little cloudy and her lowered gaze was filled with fatigue—there was also a layer of darkness that could not be dispelled on her proud and independent figure.
The boss secretly pointed to the silver-haired woman. "That's the important f…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


After leaving Miss Alice, Rayne and Hela did not delay any longer and set off for their destination at full speed.
North of the northern border was the vast Desolate Tundra.
As for the lair of the ancient dragon, Obadiah, it was said to be hidden in a crack in the abyss at the outer perimeter of the Desolate Tundra.
As they approached the Desolate Tundra…
Hela had sensed an aggressive pressure beforehand.
There was also a deep hostility towards outsiders in that tundra.
Hela looked into the distance—as long as they crossed another mountain range, they would reach the Desolate Tundra.
At the thought that she would be able to take the treasures of the ancient dragon for herself soon, she shuddered in excitement.
However, at the thought that she had to fight an ancient dragon one-on-one before that, Hela no longer looked forward to the treasures…
As warriors under the command of the legendary Creation Gods, the ancient dragons were a fully deserving superior race in the mortal world and their existence was infinitely close to a true god.
Among them, there was indeed an extremely hardworking dragon who managed to obtain complete divinity through hard work.
However, the Imperial Guards who were merely demigods were in fact much inferior to the ancient dragons in terms of class.
Of course, that was not absolute…
In Hela's impression, there were still a few special demigods who could defeat ancient dragons.
For example, Leta's Great Teacher of White Light.
Also, those two monsters in the Imperial Guards.
If Histia or Edaline were here, they would probably destroy ancient dragons with a single punch…
That was Hela's guess.
After all, their bloodlines were way too heaven-defying.
Her eldest sister, Histia, and the princess, Edaline, had broken the record for the purity of the Haines Empire's demigod bloodline. They were lauded as the greatest miracle in the Haines Empire in the past thousand years.
The two of them were the ultimate demigods with a bloodline purity above 90%—any higher and they would prac…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


After another two days of traveling, Rayne and Hela finally arrived at their final destination.
Not far away from the freezing tundra was a pitch-black crack that extended endlessly.
The length of the crack was unknown and its depth was even more difficult to explore.
[Blazing Sun Wall]
That was the name given to the gigantic crack by the Leta people.
That was because according to their legend, this was a high wall created in the ancient era. It was created by the Main God of the elves and extended in reverse of the tundra, defending them against the strange monsters that resided in the depths of the tundra.
Of course, all of that was before the elven gods were slaughtered and transformed into quasigods by the... Goddess of Order.
It laid in the middle of the Desolate Tundra, forming a clear boundary line that separated the depths of the tundra from the Leta Empire on the other end.
Along the way…
Rayne's eyes had a scarlet thread guiding him forward.
That was the navigator that Olivia set for him.
But now, the scarlet thread had come to an end.
Here, Rayne saw the corpses of a large number of divine beings. They were frozen by the blizzards and had died for a long time.
They were lifted by their own weapons and stabbed into the frozen ground.
The scene resembled tragic flags that swayed with the cold wind.
Most of the corpses… were demigods of various races.
On the other end of the Blazing Sun Wall was the depths of the tundra—there were also countless indescribable deformed corpses that piled into pitch-black mountains.
Their murderer was none other than the ancient existence that lived at the bottom of the high wall.
"Obadiah is down here,"
At this moment, Olivia's voice sounded. "This guy is busy shedding his skin right now. It's a good opportunity to get rid of him."
For this battle against Obadiah, Olivia was still very concerned.
On the one hand, Olivia was the princess of the ancient dragons. She had to deal with anyone who challenged her authority.
On the other hand…
She was extremel…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


Rayne had a serious expression. "I know very well how dangerous the enemy below is. Please try to believe in me once, I won't let you down.""Your Highness Rayne…"
Typically, Hela did not like mortals touching her body.
However, this time round, Hela did not resist.
In fact, she was pleasantly surprised…
Along the way, Rayne flirted with the puppets the entire time.
Now, his attention was finally on her...
Cough, cough!
Hela snapped out of her reverie. After careful consideration, she decided to agree to Rayne's suggestion…
In reality, Hela had always been in a state of disregard towards Rayne. She could not see anything extraordinary about this prince and could not be bothered with him.
Of course, even if it was any other mortal, she would feel bored as well.
However, recently… Prince Rayne had gradually attracted her attention.
His Highness had become very different from before, like a completely different person.
His aura, demeanor, gaze and that handsome face that she could not forget…
Hela was silent for a moment.
"I understand, Your Highness,"
She nodded.
She would trust this mortal prince this time round.
"Great."
Rayne smiled and leaned forward, looking into Hela's eyes. "Right, should I give you a kiss too after we win?"
"T-There's no need…"
Hela rejected hurriedly and averted her gaze slightly, not daring to meet Rayne's eyes.
There was something those silly puppets said that Hela agreed with.
His Highness Rayne's eyes… were truly beautiful.
Even though Hela already knew that those eyes were a blessing from the evil dragon to Rayne…
However... it did not change the fact that they were beautiful.
Alright, time to go!
No longer thinking about nonsense, Hela looked at the bottomless abyss beneath her feet and gripped Rayne's hand tightly. "Your Highness, prepare yourself."
Thereafter…
Hela leaped down with Rayne.
Falling into the abyss, their bodies descended against the howl of the cold air.
The moment she was about to reach the bottom of the abyss and be crushed, Hela activated…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


The ancient dragon, Obadiah.
Because he was in a molting state, he could only fight in a humanoid form.
Without a doubt, ancient dragons were at their weakest when they were shedding their skins.
Of course.
This was also part of Rayne's plan.
Against Obadiah, Rayne would first remove his immortality before beating him up at the critical moment of his molting.
Rayne had already obtained the greatest advantage for Hela!
Now, it was up to Hela.
At that moment, Obadiah was already in combat mode.
The muscles of the muscular man who was three meters tall twitched and his body temperature rose continuously. His iron fists were heated to a bright red by his body temperature.
When Hela saw that, she took out her treasured collection of many years as well. Countless golden-grade items flew out. Colorful blessings were stacked layer upon layer, causing Hela's strength to increase continuously.
At that moment…
Obadiah suddenly opened his eyes. "Speaking of which, demigod, you seem to have a problem with my gender?"
Hela replied indifferently, "Of course not, Dragon Princ... cess."
Obadiah sneered.
"Demigod, listen well."
"The affairs of us dragons..."
"Are none of your business!"
Instantly, Obadiah closed in!
Following that was an apocalyptic punch!
Boom!
The plain iron fist released a terrifying might that even the city-destroying forbidden curse could not match. Everything was compressed into a single point and aimed at Hela's weakest spot, her abdomen—it was a heavy punch!
Hela: "?!"
Before Hela could stack her buffs…
Obadiah, who had finished accumulating strength in advance, activated a sneak attack!
Accompanied by the surging air currents that exploded, Hela was sent flying instantly like a golf ball that was struck with precision.
Hela's figure shrank rapidly from Rayne's point of view until she could no longer be seen.
Hela was out!
Histia Hela: "???"
Edaline Hela: "???"
The two puppets who stood guard beside Rayne were dumbfounded when their mother was sent flying!
Hela was… killed just…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


The damaged armor on Hela's body evaporated.Immediately after, a gooey substance engulfed Hela like a living being, turning into a menacing armor that stuck to her skin.
Instantly, Hela's aura turned extremely terrifying.
Without using any weapons, Hela assumed the horse stance and stabilized her lower body.
Black magic power was injected into her armor, causing her strength to increase exponentially and break through her limits continuously.
Finally, accompanied by an ear-piercing sonic boom, Hela threw an uppercut that struck Obadiah's crotch viciously!
It was way too coincidental!
Obadiah's height of three meters was perfect for Hela to deal the most violent damage at an extremely suitable angle!
Boom!
At that moment, the terrifying power caused the ground beneath Hela's feet to crack and shatter! Cracks that extended for a few hundred meters appeared!
"Ow! Ow!!!"
As for Obadiah, his face turned pale and his body trembled.
The invincible ancient dragon let out a tragic cry!
The golden equipment used by this human demigod was top-tier. After secretly consuming countless strengthening buffs, she gathered all her strength and released her strongest attack.
It struck his crotch viciously!
The steely ancient dragon could not hold it in any longer.
His legs were squeezed tightly and he was sweating profusely. His face was contorted and he was in so much pain that he almost fainted on the spot.
A deep voice filled with resentment sounded from beneath the armor.
"What kind of a princess has balls?"
Obadiah's voice trembled. "You… f*cking… shameless demigod… how can you hit me there…!"
"You two brats!"
Hela said coldly, "Attack!"
The puppets replied, "Understood!"
The puppets tore through the void and took out new divine equipment. Instantly, the light of magic burst forth and shone, charging the magical weapons as two elegant ribbons of light closed in rapidly on Obadiah.
By the time the two puppets arrived before the ancient dragon, their magical weapons had finished charging.
Therefore…
There …

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


The moment the ancient dragon said that, Hela felt a ton of pressure land on her shoulders.Her knees smashed heavily onto the lava-filled ground.
Hela knelt on the ground.
The armor that enveloped her creaked tragically as well!
Obadiah looked down at the three pathetic living beings.
A demigod and two divine derivatives.
With a single look from Obadiah, the two puppets knelt on the ground screaming like their mother.
By squeezing out the elemental ley lines of his neighbor, the Leta Empire, Obadiah's barrier was exceptionally strong.
And now, Obadiah placed all the pressure of the entire barrier on Hela and the puppets!
This was Obadiah's true strength.
Hela had no chance of defeating him at all.
If not for the fact that Obadiah was shedding his skin…
Hela would most likely be killed by Obadiah before she even had the chance to approach the abyss!
In order to defeat Hela, Obadiah was now forced to stop his ascension ritual and fight with his true form.
His losses and regrets...
Everything had to be made up for by the demigod's blood and tragic cries!
The barrier was still destroying Hela and the puppets with all its might.
The bodies of the puppets had already begun to collapse. The injuries they suffered previously began to expand under the immense pressure and ruptured further…
As for Hela, she was in even more pain.
She could clearly hear the sound of her beloved battle armor and bones cracking…
She was finally in despair…
Everything was irreversible.
The moment the ancient dragon barrier enveloped the abyss, the entire space was already cut off from the mortal world.
Teleportation magic was completely useless now.
In this small world with Obadiah as the core, it was almost impossible to even gather magic power to retaliate, let alone escape.
On the other side.
In the distance, Rayne had just dodged the attack of the rain of flames. Now, he was almost crushed into sludge by the aftershock of the barrier.
Rayne was merely a mortal with a theoretical noble bloodline.
Even if Obadiah was…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


The moment Histia Haines descended on the battlefield…
The battle was already over.
Even the ancient dragon was insignificant against the strongest demigod.
Histia was a monster with 95% bloodline purity. Her existence was almost equivalent to a true god that walked through the mortal world.
The powerful barrier that Obadiah obtained by squeezing out the elemental ley lines of Leta was gone against the divine might of Order.
The entire battlefield—Obadiah, Hela and the puppet Edaline—looked at Histia in shock with a single question in their minds.
Who the f*ck are you?!
That's right!
Who the f*ck am I?!
Histia Hela was also sizing herself up. Crystallized blood vessels, voluptuous twin peaks that could not be supported with a single hand and a head of smooth golden hair...
Those were not the main points.
The main point was the endless power in her body and various divine might that she had never seen before…
All of that shocked the puppet Histia.
At that moment…
Obadiah was the first to react.
His gaze landed on Rayne.
"It's you?"
Obadiah keenly noticed the invisible connection between Rayne and Histia.
"I don't know what Olivia did to you to let you obtain this ability, but…"
Obadiah sneered. "As long as I kill you, everything will be easy, right?"
He raised his long tail that was filled with spikes. At this moment, the power of the ancient dragon appeared. Obadiah fused his sword technique into his body and a majestic sword beam shot out along with his tail!
Rayne had a calm expression.
Right then, Histia Hela realized that her body was moving involuntarily.
She raised her hand and condensed divine might, turning it into an energy carrier before slashing out instantly.
Instantly, dragon blood poured down like a storm.
The enraged shriek of the ancient dragon sounded above Histia's head.
A gigantic dragon tail smashed onto the ground and dragon blood splattered everywhere—the cut was smooth and clean.
"Obadiah, you still don't understand,"
Rayne said indifferently, "You don't understand…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


Nameless golden sword—[New One-handed Sword 01].
That was the supreme sacred item of the ancient dragon race.
Even though they were long different from their original existences, the ancient dragons still believed in those noble superior beings.
This golden sword was a great inheritance left behind by the ancestors of the ancient dragons.
It was given to them by the superiors and was proof of a contract with a supreme existence.
This was a divine power that should not be used even if Obadiah was killed.
But now, even after Obadiah convinced himself to use the golden sword, he failed to defeat his enemies.
In fact, the sacred sword was snatched away by the very same enemies.
At that moment…
The breakdown and madness of Obadiah was indescribable.
He had already lost his rationality and could only charge towards Rayne desperately in an attempt to retrieve the sacred item.
However, Obadiah was not a match for Histia even when he was rational.
Now, it was even more difficult for this mad dog to pose a threat to Rayne and the strongest demigod he had created.
Histia attacked once more.
The authority of Order was gradually compressed into a crystal sword that was aimed at the heart of the ancient dragon, Obadiah, prepared to end the battle.
As long as that sword struck…
The battle could end then.
The golden sword was obtained, the ancient dragon was about to be destroyed and treasures would be gained at the same time.
This was a perfect journey. However…
Rayne felt that something was amiss.
After a thousand reincarnations, countless experiences and knowledge became the latent instinct in his mind. With that, an extremely powerful sixth sense had already been tempered into Rayne.
Rayne felt that there was something he did not take into account…
The barrier of the ancient dragon, Obadiah, possessed the ability to separate the space of the dragon's lair from the mortal world and could sever the possibility of teleportation spells.
However…
The ancient dragon barrier still had a final connection to the…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


The quasigod that was dormant in the body of the Great Teacher opened its chaotic and crazy eyes. Its majestic divine might was like a mountain that descended from the heavens, crashing down mercilessly and dominating the battlefield instantly.
However, the next moment, the silver-white crystals that expanded to the entire abyss converged into an area less than a hundred meters wide.
The divinity that spread was compressed into an infinitely powerful divine singularity, tearing the authority of the quasigod into pieces!
After the second and third rounds, an even more ferocious and spectacular fight between the gods began!
One side controlled the power of the quasigods while the other side possessed a 95% purity bloodline of a Main God.
The two existences that were extremely close to true gods used the authority and laws in their hands to fight continuously.
Rayne had to admit.
The Great Teacher, Elktela Lucia, was a respectable figure.
Back then, Leta was about to be destroyed under the attacks of the quasigods. As the last demigod of that era, the Great Teacher made the cruelest sacrifice.
She refined herself into a God Regulating Mechanism.
Thereafter, she devoured a quasigod and used it as a core to provide energy, obtaining extraordinary strength.
The price was that she had to endure the crazy backlash of the quasigod at all times. Even after her death, her soul could not rest in peace.
In her despair and torture, she led the final Elven Empire through the darkest years.
Although worthy of respect...
Such an enemy was even more worthy of fear.
"Why bother, Elktela Lucia?"
Rayne asked, "This ancient dragon is going to challenge Olivia. No matter what, it won't guard the defense line for you guys anymore. What's the point of saving him?"
The Great Teacher's voice was calm. "But hasn't his situation changed right now?"
"Ha…"
Rayne was stunned.
That was indeed the case.
Obadiah, who failed his molting, had lost the rights to usurp the throne of Olivia.
As long as he survived, he could continue…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


The light of the magic power turned into a scorching sword beam that welcomed the sword of mithril in order to protect Rayne.Clang!
The two weapons collided in midair and locked onto one another.
The two powerful forces collided. Although it was clear that the Great Teacher was stronger, the weaker party refused to admit defeat and blocked the Great Teacher's attack!
The Great Teacher was stunned.
Someone had blocked her sword for Rayne Haines!
It was not Hela and her puppets.
Another new demigod had torn through space!
Thea Constance tried her best to defend against the slash of the Great Teacher and protected Rayne behind her.
Her appearance stunned the Great Teacher.
Am I dreaming?
The Great Teacher retracted her attacks and took two steps back.
She asked in surprise, "You used spatial teleportation to teleport into the ancient dragon's barrier directly?!"
The Great Teacher was puzzled.
"Just what sort of a monster are you… Why does it seem as though the ancient dragon's powers were completely useless against you?!"
Thea Constance could not understand her.
Barrier.
By the looks of it, this elf should be Leta's Great Teacher of White Light.
Did she just say that there was a barrier above their heads?
To be honest, Thea Constance could not sense the power of that thing at all.
It was as though…
It was just an ordinary spell cover.
She ignored the Great Teacher.
Thea Constance looked at Rayne.
After confirming that Rayne was not fatally injured, she heaved a sigh of relief.
Rayne was relieved as well.
"You're finally here."
Thea Constance nodded. "Your Highness, please inform me the next time you encounter danger."
She said, "I can only determine if you require assistance by monitoring your physical condition from afar. At times, it's not accurate."
Rayne shook his head with a bitter smile, indicating that it was not the case.
Not everyone could ignore the barrier of the ancient dragon and send and receive messages normally in two worlds like her!
Thea Constance asked again, "Your High…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


The heart of the ancient dragon, Obadiah, was destroyed by the golden sword that he worshipped.
The outcome of this dispute was decided here.
The Great Teacher was bewitched by Rayne and became dazed. However, she regained her composure under the scolding of the quasigod in her body.
Her gaze turned cold once more.
Obadiah's body gradually evaporated in the golden flames…
Things were dangerous now.
She knew very well the terrible situation she was facing right now.
Thea Constance, a rare demigod with a different surname in the Haines Empire, obtained the sacred item of the ancient dragon race and possessed terrifying strength that was enough to kill Obadiah with a single slash.
With her entrance, the dim golden sword shone with a divine light that resembled a blazing sun.
The same way it purged away the crystals of Order, the mithril that contained the authority of the quasigods was suppressed in all aspects by the golden flames as well.
Now that she was by Rayne's side to protect him, Rayne could heal his injuries at any moment and ascend a puppet to join the battle. At that time, the Great Teacher would have to face two terrifying enemies that could kill an ancient dragon.
Furthermore, the most fatal thing was…
Obadiah was already dead.
However, the ancient dragon barrier he created did not dissipate immediately.
There were still a few more hours before this minor world returned to the mortal world.
During this period of time, the Great Teacher could not get the support of her sisters.
Against the encirclement of the sword wielding Constance and Histia, the Great Teacher was not confident that she could escape either.
Since that was the case…
The analysis was over.
The Great Teacher took a deep breath—she was clear about her ending.
The next person to die to the golden sword would probably be her.
The Great Teacher was prepared to fight. The quasigod in her body was also prepared to appear and fight the enemy to the death.
However, just as the Great Teacher was tense…
Rayne said something u…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


"Thea Constance…"
"Yes, Your Majesty."
"I think I'm having difficulty breathing…"
"That's right, Your Majesty."
"Am I imagining things? This thing that's extending from my chest… is your sword?"
"That's right, Your Majesty."
"…Why?"
"I don't expect your forgiveness, Your Majesty, but I love you."
"I was reborn… more than 900 times and defeated countless enemies. Finally, I'm about to succeed with this final step... but you're stabbing me to death?! Tell me... is this how you love me?!"
"That's right."
"…Why?!"
"I can't watch you sacrifice yourself to save us."
"And that's why you're killing me?"
"You'll be reborn again."
"…"
"Don't worry, Your Majesty. You still have a chance. Everything here will be destroyed. However, you will head to the next world. When you get there, you will meet another me. All I want to tell you is that no matter how many times you experience life and death, my love for you will never change."
"Constance, you've disappointed me completely…"
"You have the right to be angry, Your Majesty."
"Even you are so stupid…"
"I won't refute you."
"I'm finally seeing it clearly… all of you Imperial Guards… are traitors!"
"Goodbye, Rayne, my love…"
…
Rayne had a dream. In the dream, he saw his past self.
He died time and again and was resurrected time and again.
He was enraged, broke down, went crazy, despaired, finally compromised and lost his feelings.
All his joys and sorrows lost their meaning after a long time, until… he arrived at the end of that world that made his heart ache physically and literally.
Then, Rayne woke up.
He felt as though he was lying on a pillow with an exquisite texture.
It should be someone's thigh.
Furthermore, judging from its flexibility and size… it did not belong to Constance.
Thereafter, Rayne vaguely heard the conversation between Constance and Hela.
Hela said, "This sword is really interesting. It doesn't absorb elements or react with magic.
Furthermore, its power can only be released in your hands. Thea, do you know the origin of this …

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


After confirming that it was truly a gift from Rayne, Constance put away the golden sword with care.
"This sword is yours. However, remember to limit the number of times you use it. Don't use it unless necessary."
Constance nodded docilely. "I understand."
Rayne: "…"
Constance: "…"
Rayne: "Actually, you can ask me why."
Constance asked, "Why?"
Rayne replied, "That's because when the sword is activated, the resources consumed are not energy, but gold."
It was the same way that activating magic consumed mana.
When the golden sword was activated, it would automatically evaporate nearby gold.
At the side, Hela was stunned. "…Gold?"
So, this was the reason why the puppets told me that they could not find a single gold coin when they were counting the spoils of war…
In Obadiah's collection, rare treasures in elegant and powerful formats were the most important.
However, he had also hoarded some secular belongings like gold and gems.
While Hela was providing her thigh as a pillow for Rayne, the puppets were counting Obadiah's inheritance.
However, they realized that although the entire tower was resplendent, the gold products in Obadiah's treasure vault were zero.
Initially, Hela merely thought that this was merely Obadiah's preference for his collection.
But now…
It turned out that when Constance used the golden sword to kill the ancient dragon, the gold that existed in the vicinity of the battlefield had already evaporated as an energy source.
In the previous reincarnation cycles, no matter what name Constance gave the sword, Rayne only had a single title for it in his heart.
Gold Siphon.
It was cool to kill the ancient dragon, Obadiah, in a single strike, right?
However, if Constance knew that the golden sword had billed her a terrifying sum in order to kill the ancient dragon, even her non-existent balls would feel the pain...
In fact, it was not only the gold in the vicinity. Gold Siphon could even deduct all the gold in Constance's possession directly.
What was even more ridiculous was that i…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


This skull belonged to an elven god.In the ancient era, after the final battle between the elven gods and Order…
Almost all the elven gods were killed by Order in that battle and transformed into quasigods.
However, one of the gods was an exception.
It was the only Main God of the elves right now who supported them against the invasion of the quasigods; a supreme guardian of the Leta Empire for a thousand years.
Within the elves, demigod elves with the bloodline of other powerful gods could become White Light Teachers in the White Light Courtyard and their status was equivalent to the Imperial Guards of the Haines royal family.
However, only elves with the bloodline of Compassion could rule Leta and become her Moon Queen upon completion of the ascension ritual once their bloodlines were strong enough.
Mithril Moon, Compassion.
The Moon Goddess had a noble status in the hearts of the elves. She was the only light that could illuminate the despair of the elves through endless suffering and torture.
However, what no one knew was her other identity.
Among the elven gods, she was the most detestable and only...
Traitor.
Together with Gold Siphon, this skull was the two most valuable items in the entire Obadiah's lair.
It was also a must-have mission item for Rayne later on.
What a pitiful goddess…
Raising the silver skull, Rayne looked at the two empty sockets and asked softly with a smile, "Are you prepared to reunite with your siblings who were harmed by you?"
The silver skull remained silent without any reaction.
After putting away the skull of Compassion, Rayne's trip to Leta was finally complete.
Next...
He returned to the side of Constance and Hela.
At that moment, the ancient dragon barrier had already dissipated.
Hela packed the treasures of Obadiah and threw them into the torn dimensional space. She did not let go of the massive ancient dragon corpse either.
Hela did not even leave a single drop of blood behind.
Although Rayne did not fancy Obadiah's inheritance, for Hela, it was a terrify…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


Late at night, the desolate wilderness was silent.
A silver dragon was curled up and sleeping peacefully.
Alice leaned against the dragon and warmed herself in silence.
The weather was truly cold...
Because they were close to the Desolate Tundra, the temperature in the wilderness was particularly cold.
Right now, Alice was traveling with the Great Teacher of White Light.
However, earlier on, the Great Teacher suddenly sensed something. After instructing Alice to stay where she was, the Great Teacher turned into a pool of flowing mithril and fused with the soil, disappearing without a trace.
Now that Alice was guarding the fire alone, the quiet atmosphere caused her to fall into a reverie…
Not long ago, the Great Teacher had already told Alice about her calling.
Alice could not believe it.
The reason why the Great Teacher wanted to take her away was because the Great Teacher wanted her to head to Leta and inherit the position of the new Moon Queen.
That was... the Empress of Leta!
Once the ascension ritual was completed, Alice would become the supreme ruler of Leta. She would lead Leta to fight against the quasigods and other hostile civilizations. Protecting the citizens and revitalizing the country…
Regarding these things, although Alice was extremely surprised, she did not resist.
After all…
Alice knew very well that if not for the fact that the White Light Courtyard had no other choice, why would they let a prostitute be their Empress?
In that case, if she was the only qualified candidate left in the entire Leta…
Alice could only bear the responsibility.
However, there was something that made Alice extremely worried.
If I become the Empress of Leta… doesn't it mean that I'll have to fight Mr. Rayne the next time we meet?
At that moment, clear liquid mithril surged out of the mud.
The figure of the Great Teacher gathered in the flowing mithril.
The Great Teacher had returned.
She looked extremely exhausted and her already haggard face was even paler, as though she could die at any moment.
…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


The capital of Haines.
Two days had passed since the crusade against Obadiah.
In the underground vault of the manor, Hela laid in the pile of treasures and divine equipment listlessly like a zombie.
It had been two days…
The three puppets and Prince Rayne had yet to return to the capital.
Obviously, it was impossible for a reward kiss to last for two days and nights.
As for what the four of them were doing in the seaside villa… Hela could not be bothered to think about it.
In the battle against Obadiah, Hela obtained tons of treasures as well as an entire ancient dragon's corpse.
As a high-level ancient dragon that was qualified to challenge the Ancient Dragon Princess, the quantity and quality of Obadiah's collection was extremely shocking even among his own race.
Let alone in a mortal country…
Right now, Hela was probably the richest person in the entire world.
There were a hundred golden equipment and a large number of ancient relics that could not be evaluated by silver-white crystals.
Since Hela had three demigod puppets, she also had to carry three additional sets of equipment. Therefore, Hela's greatest dream was to collect powerful equipment to arm her and her puppets.
And now, Hela had obtained the entire set of ancient dragon treasures… there were all sorts of golden equipment of frightening quality.
In fact, she even obtained a fresh ancient dragon corpse that could be used to DIY forge the equipment that she required!
Without a doubt…
After this battle, Hela realized her lifelong dream.
However, when her dream was realized and her ultimate goal was achieved, what awaited her…
It was endless emptiness.
Hela had turned into a zombie.
When that endless desire was truly satisfied one day…
She no longer knew… why she wanted to live.
Furthermore, to be honest…
Hela felt that she was not worthy of those treasures.
After all, she was the one with the worst performance for the ancient dragon crusade!
Initially, Hela thought that the reason why Prince Rayne invited her to suppress the ancient dragon was because h…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


"Your Highness Edgeworth, should we set off now?"
"…Alright, let's go."
In the grand prince's residence, the Imperial Guard, Lilia Haines, opened up a teleportation gate for the grand prince.
The grand prince's expression was extremely grim as he stepped into the torn space nervously.
Right now, he was going to participate in a negotiation.
A negotiation that would change his fate.
It was time to go...
He was going to have a good talk with those dwarves.
Everything before him disappeared into emptiness and chaos. Under Lilia's lead, the grand prince passed through the strange dimensional rift and arrived at a sealed stone chamber.
"Welcome to Gold Village."
The Gold Village representative who received the grand prince had been waiting here for a long time.
However, the grand prince was stunned the moment he was teleported out.
The grand prince looked at everything in shock.
"Are you surprised?"
The Gold Village representative rubbed his hands and smiled.
"Is this your first time visiting the headquarters of Gold Village, Your Highness? Gold Village is the legendary sacred place of the dwarves. Although it is indeed located here, it is said that our houses and structures are made of gold. Those are merely rumors."
"No… I'm not surprised about your houses…"
The grand prince's mouth cramped as he pointed at the representative and hollered, "You're the one I'm surprised at!"
The Gold Village representative receiving an esteemed guest such as himself was not a high-ranking official of the dwarves.
It was!
A bloody!
Goblin!
"Ah, that's what you're talking about. Indeed, the image that Gold Village gives to the outside world is that it's a financial organization made up of gold dwarves."
The goblin explained calmly with a smile, "Of course, that's indeed the case. However, our beloved dwarf shareholders will also recruit some smart goblins to help them run their businesses."
The smile of the goblin was extremely amicable.
"Although you may not believe it, I'm also a staff with some status in Gold Village. I've also been u…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


The grand prince was alarmed. "What do you mean by that?!"The goblin spread his hands with a bitter smile. "Literally, Your Highness. It's said that Prince Rayne is a playboy and slow-witted. Therefore, if what you said is true, we're guessing that he must have received instructions from someone behind the scenes… In that case, it's obvious that the IOU is a warning to both you and us!"
The goblin continued, "Your Highness, please stop. This is for the best for all of us. Of course, we will use our own methods to retrieve your loan so far."
"Stop? Impossible!"
Gritting his teeth, the grand prince said, "I came to look for you guys so that you can resolve the problem. Yet, you guys want to quit on me?!"
The goblin said, "Your Highness, we're merchants, not gamblers. We can't find out who is behind Prince Rayne. If it's a noble or minister, we might be able to deal with him. However, what if it's the Empress? Or perhaps, even more terrifying… what if it was Miss Histia who is trying to cleanse the politics in Haines? What can you do then?"
The Empress and Histia…
At the mention of those two names, the anger on the grand prince's face dissipated slightly…
The grand prince asked, "Lilia, do you think Histia is involved in this matter?"
"No, I'm very sure."
Imperial Guard Lilia smiled. "Sister Histia is not a gentle person. If Histia was investigating this matter, you would have been torn into pieces by Sister Histia based on the accusation of you intentionally losing the battle and giving the Caines Islands to the dwarves."
The haze on the grand prince's face intensified as he forced a smile.
"You heard that, right?"
"Yes, I heard it very clearly…" The goblin seemed to be in deep thought.
He activated his magic tool and communicated with the other higher-ups…
Finally, after some consideration, the goblins arrived at their final answer.
"I've still decided to maintain my original plan, Your Highness. Gold Village won't give you any more funding."
"You cowardly beast! Don't force me!"
The grand prince wa…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


Space was torn apart before healing slowly.
Just like that…
Lilia Haines, the loyal guard of the grand prince, left in a carefree manner!
The grand prince was about to go crazy.
As for the goblin, he tried his best to hold back his laughter. After a moment, his expression finally relaxed.
"Your Highness, let's end our conversation here."
After the goblin enjoyed the exciting performance of the grand prince of the Haines Empire, he smiled at the air behind him.
"Miss White Vulture, please send our guest off."
"Alright."
A pleasant female voice sounded.
Immediately after, another dimensional rift appeared in the stone chamber.
A fully armed half-blooded demigod with a graceful figure walked out of the dimensional rift.
This was a strange demigod.
Her bloodline was visibly complicated.
The sharp ears of an elf, the vertical pupils of a dragon and a fluffy and soft cat tail…
It was even more so for the divinity in her body.
The beautiful half-blooded demigod possessed the bloodline of almost all the goddesses in the mortal world.
As for her peerless body, it contained the most beautiful side of the goddesses.
What appeared before the grand prince was a dazzling fusion of divinity.
The grand prince guessed her identity instantly.
"Fiend Sword Sisterhood?"
"Yes."
The half-blooded demigod introduced himself with an elegant smile, "I'm the 105th leader of the Fiend Sword Sisterhood. My nickname is White Vulture. Greetings, Your Highness, the grand prince of Haines."
It was no wonder...
It turned out that the goblins of Gold Village had planned this in advance.
For this negotiation, they had prepared a demigod as well!
The goblin noticed the grand prince's shock.
He could not help but want to laugh.
What was the grand prince surprised about?
Didn't he know beforehand that Gold Village had a good cooperative relationship with many other demigod mercenary groups in the mortal world?
If Gold Village did not even have a demigod lackey, how would they dare to collect high interest loans from all ove…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


Goblin: "Let me explain things to you briefly, Miss White Vulture. What we want is not Obadiah, but a weapon that Obadiah is guarding. That is very important to Gold Village. Right now, it should be in Hela Haines's hands."White Vulture: "So, you guys intend for me to snatch that thing for you guys?"
The goblin said, "That's the worst case scenario, but it's indeed possible. What do you think?"
"Hmm…"
White Vulture pondered for a moment. "You'll have to pay more."
Goblin: "Ten times more!"
"Mmm…"
White Vulture frowned, seemingly displeased.
Nonsense!
This goblin wanted her to mess with a royal Imperial Guard!
Provoking the Haines Empire… was definitely not a wise move.
In the worst case scenario, the entire Fiend Sword Sisterhood would suffer a fatal blow and go extinct like the mages who cursed the Empress back then—no one would be spared!
Of course…
Given Gold Village's usual style, White Vulture believed that they would definitely handle the matter flawlessly.
She did not have to worry about a complete face-off against the Haines Empire.
Even so, this matter was still very difficult to resolve…
Sensing White Vulture's hesitation, the goblin said hurriedly, "What other conditions do you have? Feel free to state them."
White Vulture nodded.
She truly had a request.
White Vulture's gaze landed on the grand prince.
"It's regarding the grand prince of Haines..."
The grand prince asked, "What are you trying to say?"
White Vulture looked at the goblin and revealed an expectant smile.
"His Highness possesses a pure Order bloodline. Coincidentally, the bloodline of the Crystal God in our sisterhood has been decreasing continuously in recent years and has not been replenished. I wonder if the grand prince can take part in our secret flower ceremony?"
Secret flower ceremony?
Wasn't that the infamous ascension ritual of the Fiend Sword Sisterhood?!
The grand prince said coldly, "Be your sacrifice? I'm the grand prince of Haines and the future Emperor. What makes you think that I'll agree to it?"
Th…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


Rayne and the puppets were enjoying a short vacation on the sunny beach.
During this period of time, Rayne got along very well with the puppets and this did not even require acting skills.
After all, compared to their creator, the puppets had always been pure, cute and could differentiate between right and wrong.
Even in the past, Rayne did not hate them.
However, three days had passed since the joyful seaside party. Rayne felt that this rewarding vacation should end here.
He would return to the capital tomorrow.
At that moment, Rayne thought of something.
"Speaking of which, how's Hela doing?"
"Hela… has just brought Lilia back to the capital,"
Histia, who was focused on her meal, raised her head and wiped her mouth. "I think she gave Lilia many ancient dragon ingredients in order to poach her from the grand prince."
Since the puppets were Hela's creations, they naturally had their own methods of observing her actions.
Rayne was shocked when he heard that. "Really?!"
Histia Hela nodded. "For real."
In other words… Hela, who was in the capital, guessed that the Imperial Guard, Lilia, who was stationed at the same place as the grand prince, might have been bribed by the latter.
She actually took out the treasures in her collection and bribed Lilia so that she could leave the grand prince's service and weaken the latter's strength!
If the grand prince became weaker, who would benefit? It was naturally Rayne!
In reality, asking the puppets to return home was a small test from Rayne for Hela. But now, the outcome of this test surprised Rayne.
At that moment, Rayne was touched.
A full 10,000 years…
This was the first time Rayne had seen this group of Imperial Guards spending their own money to work for him!
In the past, even when Rayne had the best relationship with the Imperial Guards, both parties merely had a purely transactional relationship.
Invasion was not part of the Imperial Guards' duties to begin with. Hence, Rayne could only offer high prices continuously for the Imperial Guards to work …

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


Rayne's scolding stunned Hela.
Hela was stupefied.
The eager anticipation in her heart was shattered instantly. Right now, she did not know how to face Rayne's accusation and stood on the spot helplessly…
Initially, Hela thought that she would be able to give Rayne a surprise and have him see her in a new light by helping him take down Lilia.
However, she did not expect that… she would attract Rayne's disgust instead.
Instantly, self-blame, panic, anxiety and all sorts of emotions that Hela had never experienced before surged into her mind.
She felt her head spin…
Hela asked weakly, "Your Highness, I… did something wrong?"
Rayne nodded solemnly.
"I just received news from Olivia that Gold Village has sent troops to the Desolate Tundra of Leta to investigate."
"They're investigating the dragon lair of Obadiah! They already know about Obadiah's death! Your Excellency Hela, did Gold Village eavesdrop on you when you were communicating with Lilia?!"
Rayne's tone was extremely stern and there was anger in his voice that he tried his best to contain.
This made Hela even more flustered, but she could not understand Rayne's words at all.
Hela's tone was even weaker. "But Your Highness, I don't understand. What has this got to do with us…"
"It's important!"
Rayne said coldly, "Your Excellency Hela, do you know what Gold Village is? That is the sacred ground of the gold dwarves. After the gold dwarves went extinct, it was guarded by the kings of the dwarves. There's a reason why the dwarves guarded the place for a thousand years. Do you know what's the key to unlocking Gold Village?"
Rayne: "It's New One-handed Sword 01!"
As for New One-handed Sword 01, it was a sacred item that Obadiah had been guarding!
When Hela told Lilia that she had the ribs of Obadiah, the dwarves of Gold Village had already deduced that the relic of Original Sequence, New One-handed Sword 01, was already passed to someone else.
The ancient dragon, Obadiah, could not be attacked because of his immortality.
However, there was hope w…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


Gold Siphon was extremely important for Rayne's strategy.
It was not only because Gold Siphon was a relic of Original Sequence and could be used as an exclusive weapon for Constance. The damage output was shocking.
Furthermore, it was a trigger item for many key plots.
For example, Gold Village that Rayne was headed to next.
Now that Rayne managed to get his hands on Gold Siphon in advance by skipping steps, it was perfect. Rayne could make a move before the situation worsened and complete a move that he had never succeeded before!
Gold Village was extremely important to Rayne.
For this operation, Rayne was still traveling with Hela.
Although Hela had already expressed her loyalty to Rayne, Rayne knew very well that his strategy for Hela was not complete.
He had to let her fall even deeper into it such that she could not extricate herself... until she forgot about her sense of self and was willing to abandon the ironclad rules that were customized for the Imperial Guards, allowing her to present herself completely to Rayne at the end.
That could wait.
Right now, in order to fish in Gold Village, Rayne had to borrow Gold Siphon from Constance first.
When Rayne arrived at Constance's residence, she came out to welcome him before he knocked.
Hela did not visit Constance with Rayne.
She stayed in her own manor. However, her perception could not help but extend to Constance's house.
At that moment, Hela had mixed emotions.
All the demigods possessed perception that far surpassed the imagination of mortals.
Hence, Hela was extremely convinced about one thing.
The interaction between Rayne and her previously had long been witnessed by Constance.
Rayne's love confession, embrace and care for Hela gave her unprecedented happiness…
However, Hela knew very well that Constance liked Rayne as well!
Not only did they like each other, the two of them were childhood sweethearts. If not for the interference of the Church… the two of them would have had children by now.
But now?
His Highness Rayne's heart had w…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


Gold Village.
The goblin paced back and forth in the office excitedly.
In the narrow space, White Vulture closed her eyes to rest and monitored Gold Village with her perception. Occasionally, she would glance at her employer before looking away in boredom.
Her goblin employer had been maintaining this state for an entire day.
All of this was naturally because of the death of the ancient dragon, Obadiah.
There was a tacit secret in Gold Village.
From the moment the goblins borrowed the first loan from the mortal kingdom in the name of Gold Village, the dominance of Gold Village no longer belonged to the dwarves.
With the advantage of having no bottom line and intelligence, the goblins made use of the massive amount of capital stored in Gold Village to leverage a huge amount of wealth from the mortal world.
Hidden behind the kings of the dwarves, they turned Gold Village into their money-making machine and made a shocking fortune.
The goblins who had already taken control of Gold Village gradually became even more ambitious.
But now…
An extremely, extremely rare opportunity was placed in front of them.
According to the ancient books, Gold Village was a sacred place for the extinct gold dwarves.
They were a legendary ancient race with a long history like the ancient dragons.
Furthermore, they served the great primordial existence as well.
This sacred ground of Gold Village that was guarded by the gold dwarves for generations and taken over by the dwarf kings after their extinction was built to welcome the supreme sacred weapon created by the ancient gods!
And now, a sacred weapon had already appeared.
Furthermore, only the goblin knew about this!
Every time he thought of that, the goblin could not help but tremble in excitement.
This undoubtedly gave the goblin a bold thought.
He wanted to keep the New One-handed Sword 01 for himself.
Thereafter, he would open up Gold Village alone!
Right then, the office door was knocked and a few dwarven miners walked in.
"Boss, the corruption value of the Net…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


White Vulture informed the Sisterhood and asked them to make a move.
Lock down Gold Village and kill everyone who tried to leave.
It was a cruel act.
However, it was extremely necessary.
The only way the goblins could proceed with their next move was to seal off Gold Village and restrict the flow of information to the outside world so that the dwarf kings would not receive any news.
Otherwise, if any dwarf king arrived with his army, the goblins' plans would be completely ruined.
Next was to think of a way to negotiate with Hela and obtain the sacred weapon.
However, at that moment, the goblin received shocking news.
Another staff member pushed the door open and entered.
It was a goblin employee. He said in shock, "Boss, there's a customer!"
The goblin waved it off. "You guys deal with it yourselves. I'm busy."
Employee: "But boss, the customer this time round is a big shot!"
The goblin asked in disdain, "Huh? What big shot?"
No matter what sort of a big shot they were, could they be more important than a treasure that can unlock the sacred ground of Gold Village?!
Employee: "It's Rayne Haines, the Prince of Haines! He's here with an Imperial Guard!"
"What?!"
When he heard that, the goblin's heart skipped a beat!
He asked almost suffocatingly, "Which Imperial Guard?"
The employee gave an extremely shocking answer. "Hela Haines!"
Instantly! The goblin was overjoyed.
He was so happy that he was about to faint.
Did he hear wrongly… the Prince of Haines had brought the Imperial Guard, Hela, to Gold Village?!
The sacred item was delivered right to his doorstep?!
Something this good was for real?!
"Prepare a welcome ceremony for Prince Rayne immediately! Hurry! Get moving!"
Thereafter, the goblin brought White Vulture to welcome Rayne Haines.
The goblin's voice trembled as he explained, "Miss White Vulture, the other party's intentions are unknown. We'll adapt to the situation later."
White Vulture asked, "You seem a little nervous?"
Goblin: "Nervous? Don't worry, I'm not nervous at all…"
The…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


After the head of the goblin CEO exploded like a watermelon…
The entire place fell into a dead silence.
Everyone wiped away the blood on their faces with trembling hands.
Nobody…
Nobody expected that.
The Prince of Haines, Rayne Haines, was crazy enough to crush the leader of Gold Village's head the moment he met the latter!
What was going on in the prince's mind?!
Looking at the corpse on the ground, the dwarves and goblins were secretly alarmed and terrified.
Of course, although everyone was afraid, no one felt sad for the death of the goblin CEO.
The Prince of Haines had indeed killed the person in charge of Gold Village by mistake.
However, due to the shockingly powerful faction that the Haines Empire was...
Everyone merely lowered their heads obediently and no one dared to say anything to this domineering and cold-blooded prince.
Now, here came the problem...
Right now, the prince was making a demand.
So, who exactly was the person in charge of Gold Village?
In the repressive dead silence, a few goblins' eyes lit up!
That was because they saw an opportunity!
Now that the person in charge was dead, if any of the higher-ups that were second only to him could turn the tides and resolve the problem, a new ruler of Gold Village would be born!
Furthermore, they would obtain the endorsement of the Prince of Haines!
Finally…
Under the temptation of power, a goblin in a top hat, suit and monocle walked to Rayne with his huge belly.
He said the perfect sentence that he came up with in a moment of desperation.
"Your Highness Rayne, in fact, you don't know. The person in charge of Gold Village…"
"Hela."
Piak!
Another goblin's head exploded tragically!
"You're still using goblins to tease me?"
Rayne's expression was dark as he grit his teeth in anger. "Let me tell you guys, there's a limit to my patience!"
Everyone fell into a dead silence once more.
The mysterious sound of water echoed through the dead air.
Someone was so scared that he peed his pants…
The goblins broke down internally.
Thi…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


Tonight, Gold Village welcomed a complete revelry.
With the sudden death of their leader, the management of Gold Village fell into chaos and the employees at the grassroots level lost control completely.
In reality…
If the management was united and chose a new person as the leader, they would have merely lost three higher-ups and it would not affect the entire administrative structure.
However, in reality, in the face of the alluring throne, the goblins were dizzy from the temptation and started fighting wildly for power right away.
Therefore, they ignored the chaotic order, the rioting dwarf employees below and even the hostile Prince of Haines.
In Gold Village that was now out of control, the goblins had their final revelry.
Because Rayne did not sleep the entire night, in his spare time, he witnessed the entire process of the collapse of order in Gold Village with the help of the perception of the puppets.
After the night of chaos, a third of the high-level leaders formed by the goblins left due to various accidents while most of the dwarf miners left Gold Village.
After all, the Nether Realm corruption in Gold Village had already reached an extremely dangerous level and the dwarves had long been in a state of panic.
Now that there was no longer the suppression of the goblin upper echelons, the dwarves worked together and destroyed the gold vault of Gold Village.
After obtaining their unpaid wages and interest, they left Gold Village swiftly.
The Nether Realm corruption, intensifying power struggle and various repressed conflicts of Gold Village was completely triggered after Hela's triple executions!
In the blink of an eye, the once glorious sacred ground of the dwarves was reduced to a pile of steaming trash.
However, the goblin upper echelons were still embroiled in an endless fight to the death for the power that no longer existed.
On this night that was filled with plots, schemes, murders, madness and greed… all sorts of emotions intertwined.
Intense emotional sparks burst forth from everyon…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


Gold Village was a reliable employer.
However, the Fiend Sword Sisterhood was the strongest mercenary group in the mortal world with three demigods.
They did not have to worry about not being able to get a job.
Right now, the existence of someone in Golden Village tugged at the heartstrings of the entire Fiend Sword Sisterhood, causing all of them to be unwilling to leave Gold Village for a long time…
The prince of the Haines Empire, Rayne Haines.
This was the first time that the members of the Fiend Sword Sisterhood had witnessed the true appearance of this man with the most noble bloodline in the mortal world.
That face and those eyes were truly…
Even the sun and moon dimmed in comparison!
Among all the members of the Sisterhood stationed in Gold Village, the person who was most captivated by Rayne was their leader, White Vulture.
White Vulture had been in a stand-off with Rayne Haines before and witnessed the grandeur of this prince personally.
At the same time, through the powerful perception of a demigod, White Vulture obtained even more unforgettable images from the prince.
In any case, as a deformed race that could not reproduce normally and was cursed by the gods…
The Fiend Sword Sisterhood had never been restrained in their craving for life.
Wise men do not resort to insinuations.
All of them wanted to have the secret flower ceremony with Rayne Haines!
…
White Vulture ended the call with her two demigod sisters.
The final outcome of the discussion was for White Vulture to continue camping in Gold Village and wait and see.
As for the two demigod sisters, they would prepare themselves to provide support at any moment.
White Vulture walked out of her room.
Right now, she wanted to meet someone.
She arrived at the ground fortress of Gold Village. On a rooftop, White Vulture found her target.
The demigod Imperial Guard of the Haines Empire.
Hela Haines.
Hela looked different from usual today.
The turmoil in Gold Village had caused her to be unable to sleep the entire night. Right now, s…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


Because White Vulture said something wrong, she was nearly killed by Hela.
After escaping from Hela's hands in a sorry state, she received information that satisfied her as well.
Actually, White Vulture was curious to begin with.
Didn't the Imperial Guards of Haines have a tradition of maintaining their chastity?
How did Hela end up together with the prince?
After testing the waters, White Vulture finally understood… what was going on.
She nearly died of laughter.
What a pitiful Imperial Guard!
The poor daughters of Order were restricted by the ironclad rules of their mother goddess. Even if they had fallen in love, they could not cross that line at all.
However, White Vulture did not believe in Order!
As a cursed race of their own, the Fiend Sword Sisterhood had no beliefs or gods. The secret flower ceremony that brought them a new life was everything to them.
White Vulture knew the secret of Rayne Haines. She knew that he was not at Gold Village for a mere visit or something as simple as a loan.
This man…
He had just obtained the supreme sacred item that the dwarves had coveted for millions of years—New One-handed Sword 01!
In that case, the reason why he visited Gold Village, or even why he killed Goldsmith to cause chaos in the place as well, must be to make it convenient for him to keep the secret treasures of Gold Village for himself!
Very good!
Since Rayne Haines wanted to open up Gold Village, White Vulture would do it for him!
Of course, all she wanted in return was a small salary from the dear prince...
Slurp!
White Vulture smacked her lips.
She was already drooling at the thought of Rayne!
…
Dong! Dong! Dong!
"Your Highness? Your Highness Rayne?"
White Vulture knocked on Rayne's door.
Before long…
Rayne Haines opened the door and appeared before White Vulture.
The sight of White Vulture surprised Rayne.
"You're the demigod from Gold Village?"
White Vulture let out a warm smile. "I was in a hurry the last time we met and did not have time to introduce myself to you. Hello, You…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


Morning.
In an unknown villa, Rayne put on some simple clothes and left the bedroom to make himself a cup of coffee.
Not long after, a black-haired beauty with a ravishing appearance walked out of the same bedroom and came to Rayne's side.
"Your Highness…"
Hela gazed at Rayne with a tender gaze. After a night of emotional communication, her attitude towards Rayne had become even more docile and obedient.
However…
Apart from gentleness, Hela's eyes were also filled with an uncontrollable guilt.
Hela said in a low voice, "I'm sorry, Your Highness… I did something wrong and could not control my feelings for you. When I saw that mixed breed demigod tempt you, my heart…"
"There's no need to apologize to me anymore, Hela."
Rayne sealed Hela's mouth gently with his finger. "You've been saying that for the entire night, haven't you?"
There was a reason for Hela's guilt.
The chastity of the Imperial Guards was an ironclad rule. However, she took the initiative to break that rule.
Furthermore, she implicated Rayne who was a prince and made him her accomplice.
If it was a mutual love between Rayne and Hela, she would feel less guilty.
However…
The truth was that the mistake of the previous night was caused by Hela singlehandedly. As for the innocent prince, he was merely helpless against the demigod Hela.
The more Hela loved Rayne, the more the guilt in her heart tormented her.
Yet, Rayne seemed extremely calm regarding this.
It was as though he had already accepted Hela's one-sided violence and emotions.
He was tolerant and loving...
"Hela, do you know? Actually, there's another reason why the goddess wants the Imperial Guards to maintain their chastity."
Rayne took a sip of coffee and handed it to Hela.
"There's no need to strip away the rights of the Imperial Guards to love others just to restrict nurturing and breeding. What Order truly fears is the power of love."
Rayne smiled at Hela.
"That's because love will let the Imperial Guards understand that apart from believing in Order, they have other …

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


Gold Village.
The full-scale invasion of the Nether Realm had already begun. In the entire Gold Village, be it the dead or living, they had already become a part of the chaos world created by the explosion of the Nether Realm corruption.
As the last group of survivors in Gold Village, the mercenaries of the Fiend Sword Sisterhood could no longer sit still.
"Fiends are surging over from the lower levels continuously. There's no way to determine the location of the Nether Realm's gate!"
"This is the Gospel Blood Cavalry of [Justice]. They don't need a teleportation gate. As long as there is flesh available as their shells, they can descend to the mortal world at any moment."
"There's such a thing?! Wouldn't that make them invincible?!"
"That's the army of the Nether Realm Empress for you! Be careful, these fiends can descend with the flesh of living beings as well!"
"The mirror shows that an evil god embryo has been discovered in the power pack of the 46th underground floor. Everyone, please take note! This is not an ordinary Nether Realm invasion! The fiends were attempting to summon their apostles!"
"Leader!"
Through the voice transmission formation, the voices of the Sisterhood members sounded from all directions.
Even though the mercenaries of the Fiend Sword Sisterhood were experienced in battle, they were caught off guard in the face of such a situation.
After all, everything had happened too suddenly.
The Nether Realm corruption had always existed in Gold Village and there had been no effective methods to resolve it for a long time.
However, the fact that fiends filled the entire Gold Village overnight such that even apostles were about to be summoned… that was way too ridiculous!
Yesterday, it was only at the level of two brats playing around. But today, it had become an epic battlefield for a fight between demigods!
Wasn't the corruption level rising way too quickly?!
In the blink of an eye, an area with an ordinary infection level had degenerated into a plaything in the hands of an Evil God.…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


A high-level fiend said coldly to his trembling underlings.
"Just steer clear of her way."
The fiends ignored White Vulture and continued spreading corruption in Gold Village.
Not long after…
White Vulture's eyes lit up.
She sensed a strange spatial fluctuation in Gold Village.
His Highness Rayne had returned!
…
After breakfast, Rayne and Hela returned to Gold Village.
When he visited Gold Village again, this sacred ground of the dwarves had already become the base camp of the fiends. The filthy wind from the Nether Realm blew towards Rayne.
Thankfully, before entering Gold Village, Hela had already meticulously imbued her lover with layers of protection.
The Nether Realm corruption did not affect Rayne at all.
Rayne was extremely calm towards everything before him.
After all, things had not gone beyond his expectations.
In fact, Rayne could be considered as the instigator of everything.
Rayne was not a lunatic who believed in the evil gods of the Nether Realm and hoped for them to destroy the mortal world.
However, the massive invasion by the Nether Realm and even the destruction of Gold Village was a necessary condition for him to obtain a key item.
It was a precious treasure that Rayne had never had the chance to obtain in his previous reincarnation cycles.
For that, Rayne could accept Gold Village being destroyed by [Justice] 10 years before the actual event was supposed to happen.
Rayne said, "Hela, let's go."
Hela asked gently, "Your Highness, where do you want to go?"
Rayne replied, "The lowest level of Gold Village."
Hela nodded and was about to tear through space to teleport with her lover…
At that moment…
A dimensional rift was opened first.
White Vulture appeared from the dimensional rift and waved to Rayne warmly.
"Your Highness Rayne!"
White Vulture came before Rayne with a smile.
"Are you here to open up Gold Village, Your Highness? Although this place is already occupied by fiends, don't worry. With me escorting you, everything will be fine!"
However, compared to the pass…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


Crossing the dimensional rift, Rayne and Hela arrived at the lowest level of Gold Village instantly.
This was an endless mineshaft that spiraled underground.
In the middle of the mineshaft was a golden platform that hovered above the abyss.
There were some complicated array formations etched on the floor on the golden platform that were protected by some powerful spells and temporarily blocked the Nether Realm corruption.
It was a door.
The current Gold Village where Rayne was located was merely a support field base that the dwarves had dug out to fill the Gold Village with fuel.
However, no one had seen the true appearance of the doomsday cannon that was powered by gold in the true Gold Village ever since the gold dwarves went extinct.
The golden platform was the door to that gigantic god-slaying cannon.
At that moment, the mineshaft at the bottom and the door to Gold Village were completely occupied by fiends.
Endless fiends crowded the place densely, using all sorts of evil methods to conduct some sort of degeneration ritual.
The Gospel Blood Cavalry of [Justice] possessed the ability to invade the mortal world using the bodies of living beings directly without having to rely on the gates of the Nether Realm.
However, that did not mean that the Gospel Blood Cavalry could not invade the mortal world using conventional methods.
Right now, at the bottom of Gold Village, Rayne saw at least five gates to the Nether Realm.
As the Nether Realm corruption deepened, the difficulty of establishing a teleportation gate in the Nether Realm decreased exponentially.
Therefore…
The Gospel Blood Cavalry tore through the mortal world continuously and created even more gates to the Nether Realm before surging into them wildly.
Warriors.
They needed more warriors.
They had to prepare for the upcoming holy war.
The cowardly goblins and the garrison could not be considered as a threat.
However, the Heavenly God Fleet of the dwarf kings were about to arrive!
Rayne said, "Hela, take out the sword."
A one-handed s…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


As the door to Gold Village opened slowly…
Rayne could not help but feel nervous.
The reason was simple.
This was also Rayne's first time visiting the true Gold Village.
Gold Village was the supporting infrastructure developed by Original Sequence for New One-handed Sword 01.
The design principle was to use a large amount of gold as fuel and the corresponding overload equipment to increase the theoretical power of New One-handed Sword 01 limitlessly.
Eventually, that will achieve the effect of being able to slay gods.
Right now, the Gold Village where Rayne was located was merely a mine for fuel and ammunition.
As for the true Gold Village and the massive amount of gold fuel…
All of them were behind that door.
Together, Gold Village and New One-handed Sword 01 was a set of god-slaying equipment.
However, Rayne had never had the chance to obtain it in his previous 999 reincarnation cycles.
Time difference was the reason.
In order to intimidate the gods of the Nether Realm, Original Sequence created Gold Village.
This thing had always been a thorn in the side of the evil gods of the Nether Realm.
If not for Rayne's interference today, theoretically, Justice would have broken through the barrier of the ancient gods around Gold Village 10 years later and invaded and destroyed it.
Due to various external factors, the timing would typically be reduced to around three years, nothing more than five.
At that time, Obadiah would not have completed his final ascension to challenge Olivia.
Similarly, Olivia would not be at the end of her life yet as well.
In other words…
Rayne could basically get his hands on New One-handed Sword 01 at the later stages of every reincarnation.
However, by the time he obtained the sacred weapon and the key to opening the Gold Village dungeon…
Gold Village would have long been destroyed by the Blood Empress by then!
This reincarnation cycle was different. Due to his good relationship with Olivia this time round, Rayne obtained Gold Siphon in advance.
Because of that, natur…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


"Your Highness, the situation isn't looking good."
Hela said, "There seems to be a Nether Realm Apostle about to be born beneath us."
Rayne asked, "Can we stop it?"
Hela shook her head. "I've already tried many times, it's useless."
Although Hela could suppress the fiend army, she would have to face a problem the moment the door to Gold Village was opened.
Right now, the barrier of the ancient gods around the door to Gold Village had already dissipated.
If Rayne were to enter Gold Village, someone would have to stand guard in the outside world to prevent the fiends from destroying the door.
In other words…
Hela had to stay in the outside world.
"Your Highness, the exploration of Gold Village can only be done by you alone. When you enter Gold Village, I'll wait for you outside. Histia, follow His Highness to Gold Village later. The remaining two brats will stay outside with me."
"Hela! That won't do."
Rayne shook his head and stopped Hela.
"It's too dangerous to leave you and the puppets outside. You have to deal with the apostles and fiends while protecting this door—I can't let you take the risk."
Right now, Hela had already fallen in love with Rayne and submitted to him.
In other words, like Constance, Hela was now one of Rayne's inner circle.
As such, there was naturally no way Rayne could let her take the risk.
She had to survive and fight side by side with Rayne until the world was saved or... the day she betrayed Rayne again.
In fact, everything was still within Rayne's calculations at this point.
To enter Gold Village without having Hela take any risks…
There was naturally a way to do that.
Rayne had visited this dilapidated place, Gold Village, countless times.
Although it was rare for him to be able to catch up to the time when the fiends of the Nether Realm invaded Gold Village, he knew the internal structure of Gold Village and the offensive tactics of the Gospel Blood Calvary like the back of his hand.
Before they set off, Rayne had already decided on the person who should guard th…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


On the other end of the door of Gold Village, there was no legendary magnificent golden palace.
It was a boundless crack in space.
So, this was the case.
In order to prevent Gold Village from being invaded by external enemies to the greatest extent…
Original Sequence hid Gold Village in the void outside the mortal world.
Immediately after, Histia protected Rayne's body with magic and guided him to maintain balance in this dimensional space that was completely different from the mortal world.
Histia asked, "Your Highness, which way are we going?"
Rayne had no clue about that either.
However, there was someone who definitely knew.
"Hey."
Rayne yanked Obadiah who was in his hands. "Since you were in charge of Gold Siphon, you can't be unaware of the location of Gold Village, right?"
Obadiah cursed, "Gold Siphon? I've already said, don't give stupid names to the sacred weapon of my master, you bastard!"
Rayne: "Alright, got it. Hurry and lead the way."
Obadiah: "…"
Obadiah pointed out a direction to Rayne reluctantly.
However, there was a hint of anticipation under Obadiah's resistant gaze.
"If Gold Village is right ahead…"
Obadiah's heart skipped a beat. "Could that person be... alive?"
They advanced in the direction pointed out by Obadiah.
Before long, they saw a physical structure.
It was a warship made of gold!
However, what was even more eye-catching than the golden warship were the passengers.
There was a withered mechanical giant.
Her long golden hair represented her gender and most of her flesh had already rotted. She could only survive by fusing with the golden warship beneath her and using its mechanical components to replace her body…
"Doherty…"
When he saw the mechanical giant again, Obadiah felt a sense of sadness. At the same time, he felt immense gratification.
That was despite the fact that she was already disfigured under the ravages of the divine punishment.
"That's great… you're indeed still alive."
"Obadiah?"
The mechanical giant looked around blankly. Finally, she locke…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


Alright then.
"I can understand that."
Rayne nodded gently. "After all, titans, even when you were attacked by Order, you had no intention of activating Gold Village to protect yourselves. Your sacrifices are awe-inspiring. I understand your persistence."
There was a tragic pride in the mechanical giant's voice. "…That's right. That was the proudest end of our race."
Rayne asked, "In other words, if an Original Sequence agrees to it, there won't be any problems?"
The mechanical giant was stunned.
"You mean to say that… our master has already…?"
Rayne nodded. "Sort of."
Instantly, the mechanical giant's voice trembled in excitement. "Can I have the honor of meeting him?"
Rayne looked at Histia. "Can we contact Hela from here?"
Histia said, "Sure."
Rayne asked, "What about Constance?"
Histia gave it a try before shaking her head."Miss Thea... she's a little far and there's some difficulty.
Rayne smiled. "Alright, Histia. Contact Hela and ask her to call for Constance."
…
Capital of Haines, Royal Church.
Constance knelt before the crystal statue of the Goddess of Order and prayed without any distracting thoughts.
As usual, the crystal statue had no reaction to Constance's prayers.
As a demigod with an unknown bloodline, in reality, Constance had never felt any sense of belonging to the identity as an Imperial Guard.
There was only a single reason why she stayed here…
Right then, the ring on Constance's finger suddenly lit up.
It was a message from her sister.
Hela's voice could be heard from the ring. At the same time, it was accompanied by the tragic roars and dying cries of millions of living beings.
"Thea, are you free now? His Highness needs your help."
Constance asked, "Is His Highness in danger?"
Hela replied, "I'm not sure, but he should be fine now."
Constance replied, "Alright."
"Oh, and… Thea."
Hela hesitated after conveying the official message. "Also… there are some things I want to discuss with you after I'm done here."
Constance replied, "Alright."
…
Gold Village.
Everyone…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


Rayne and Histia left Gold Village together.
Obadiah was also taken away by Rayne.
Obadiah was extremely reluctant to leave after finally reuniting with an old friend from Gold Village. However, Rayne still needed this guy as a meat shield.
Therefore, Rayne ignored Obadiah's protest and forcibly dragged the struggling Obadiah out of Gold Village.
Thereafter, under the control of Constance, another barrier was raised at the door of Gold Village, blocking all external influences.
At that moment, Hela and White Vulture were already in a frenzied killing spree.
A single demigod was enough to sweep through the battlefield. The sight of two demigods working together was an apocalyptic scene.
Even the fiends could not hold it in.
Right now, the entire lower level had been swept clean by the two demigods.
Thereafter, Rayne recounted the current situation to Hela and White Vulture.
Rayne said, "To put it simply, in order to buy time for the transfer of Gold Village, I intend to end the invasion of the Nether Realm directly."
In Rayne's original plan, he did not need to care whether the fiends would devour Gold Village.
The Blood Empress's hatred towards Gold Village was etched in her bones and there were only a few ways to stop her. Furthermore, the risk was extremely high.
She would do her best to take down Gold Village. After devouring it, she would continue spreading Nether Realm corruption to the surrounding countries until she was repelled by another force.
That force could be the Imperial Guards of Haines, some divine beings, the punishing angel from the upper world, or even the heroic resistance of the local living beings…
However, no matter what, although the Blood Empress could destroy Gold Village, her hasty invasion of the outside world thereafter would not be able to shake the foundation of the mortal world.
It was the same for countless reincarnations.
However... If this calamity could be ended beforehand, many innocent lives would indeed be saved.
It would be considered a good deed in passing…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


In the sacred fleet, the Heavenly God warship that was protected in the middle and shone with a resplendent golden light, emitting boundless divinity, began to disintegrate in midair.
Within the warship was a mechanical giant in golden armor.
"That's a… titan?!"
Obadiah was shocked. "These guys actually sealed the titan's corpse under their armor to control it?!"
Obadiah gasped. He was extremely glad that Doherty did not witness this shocking scene.
Otherwise, she would definitely be completely disillusioned with the dwarves.
However, that was a separate matter. If they used the mechanical titan to fight against the Abyssal Sacred Vow, while the Heavenly God Fleet and dwarf army worked together to destroy the gate of the Nether Realm and encircle the remaining fiend army…
There might be a chance for them... to win this battle!
"Don't worry, we won't win."
Rayne shook his head calmly and lowered his head. "Come, White Vulture, lie down."
White Vulture blushed and asked, "Your Highness Rayne… are you going to bury me alive?"
Rayne replied, "No, I'm just using you as a sacrifice."
White Vulture pondered for a moment. "That doesn't seem to be much different from being buried alive?"
Rayne stopped what he was doing. "You're not willing?"
White Vulture was all smiles. "No, how can that be? Please make use of me to your heart's content! I love you the most, my baby! But after you use me, remember to reward me with a secret flower ceremony!"
Rayne rejected firmly. "Don't even think about it."
However, Rayne's coldness and heartlessness made White Vulture admire him even more.
White Vulture was still smiling brightly. "I got it! No problem at all! My baby!"
These dwarves, and in fact Obadiah and the others, did not know how far the Blood Empress had planned for this invasion.
The Heavenly God Fleet of the dwarves could only buy time for Rayne, but they could not end the invasion.
Rayne had to use even more extreme methods.
At the same time, the battle between the dwarves and the fiends had entered the m…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


[Justice]
That was the name of the supreme existence in the Nether Realm.
In reality…
It would be a grave mistake to confuse the seemingly positive divinity of Justice with Order.
To begin with, there was no such thing as good and evil in this world.
The Nether Realm controlled by the evil gods and the upper world's God Realm ruled by Order were not opposites by nature.
The Order gods were not something that had existed since ancient times as well.
This was a young race of gods that were created by the Crystal Goddess, Order, thousands of years ago.
Before Order was born…
The Nether Realm was the only kingdom of gods.
The gods of the Nether Realm were born from the chaotic emotions of the mortal world and grew continuously using them as nutrients.
If one were to classify the emotions of all living beings, in a certain sense, Justice would be the most dangerous.
While it seemed honorable on the surface, it was often laced with many blood debts that were difficult to resolve.
All living beings believed in their personal righteousness and destroyed everything else without reservations. From the slightest disputes to the cruelest battlefields, all strife in the mortal world seemed to possess the figure of justice lingering in the air.
When one understood that there was no absolute right or wrong in the world, the word justice would suddenly seem strange.
The motley crowd sang the glorious songs of justice and scattered destruction and atrocities everywhere.
Therefore, justice had another title…
The God of Strife.
The inferior nature of mortals made it impossible for the world to produce a 'good god' under normal circumstances.
The moment a flawless god was stained by the will of all living beings, they were destined to be evil gods that were plagued by evil.
Only existences with special divinities such as Order could break free from the corrosion of the evil thoughts of mortals and the gravity of the Nether Realm to ascend to the firmaments.
Disregarding Order…
Among the gods born from the emotion…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


Edaline said, "In any case, your current mission is to bring that trash to a safe place before keeping him away from that bastard of the Fiend Sword Sisterhood. The secret flower ceremony of those women is not something he can endure."
Edaline was done with her instructions.
Thereafter, she looked towards the Blood Empress in the distance.
At that moment, the Blood Empress had already cleared away all the dwarven troops.
After losing her enemies, she should have completed the final ceremony and sent Gold Village into the Nether Realm.
However, at that moment…
She noticed the dimensional rift that opened up.
There was also the demigod girl in the platinum armor who walked out of the rift. Although her appearance could not be seen clearly, she had a symbolic and powerful divinity…
The Blood Empress stopped in her tracks.
She knew that right now, there was another battle she had to fight.
Edaline sneered, "Blood Empress Justice… ha, what an interesting opponent."
Edaline had naturally noticed the Blood Empress's gaze as well.
She bent down slightly, ready to strike.
"Let me see how strong you are!"
Before her sentence was finished, Edaline transformed into a flash of light and crossed a thousand miles in an instant, arriving before the Blood Empress. She summoned a heavy crystal hammer and smashed it towards the Blood Empress's head.
The battle broke out instantly!
However, that ferocious hammer strike…
Was resolved by the Blood Empress with ease as she raised a single hand gently.
The crystal hammer stopped in front of the Blood Empress's index finger and could not close in at all!
Instantly, their gazes met.
The Blood Empress seemed to have revealed a smile.
"So, it's you, Order."
"Order? Indeed, I'm here to suppress you on behalf of the Crystal Goddess. However, my name is Edaline."
Edaline attacked once more.
The crystal hammer in her hands was not a golden weapon. Instead, it was an ordinary crystal weapon that she had created with her divinity.
The lethality of such weapons was limited to begin with.
However...
…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


The battle between Edaline and Justice was still ongoing.
After the initial bout of passion, as time passed by, Edaline became increasingly disadvantaged against the projection of the strongest evil god.
She could clearly sense that the Blood Empress was becoming stronger as the value of the Nether Realm corruption in Gold Village rose.
The power from the Nether Realm was injected into the projection continuously, allowing it to maintain its strongest state at all times.
On the contrary, as the Nether Realm corrupted the mortal realm, it became difficult for Edaline to even complete the most basic support magic.
The protection around her body dimmed and the damage to her platinum armor could not heal itself.
Edaline was gradually disadvantaged.
The Blood Empress's expression turned cold as well.
Even the embodiment of Order was only this capable after all…
Unfortunately, her opponent was merely a clone.
If it was that destined woman, the battle would definitely be more interesting.
However, even if the true incarnation came, Justice did not think that she would lose.
With the support of the Nether Realm, Justice could become indestructible.
It was meaningless to fight her. All the challengers of the mortal world could do was merely add some fun to the boring and invincible conquest of the Blood Empress.
She wanted to abandon her undying body and the support of the Nether Realm to fight against the Order clone in a passionate battle with her life on the line as well.
Unfortunately, she could not do that.
As the strongest living being in the Nether Realm, she had long become an extension of the concept of the Nether Realm.
Haha...
How boring indeed.
Justice lamented softly, prepared to end this battle that was starting to bore her.
However...
Right then.
Justice sensed something unusual.
The Gold Village that was initially under her complete control began to waver all of a sudden.
It was as though another powerful will from the Nether Realm was attempting to interfere in Gold Village.
"Fufu…"
Justice sneered.
It seem…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


Against an indestructible evil god of the Nether Realm, the best option would always be to use another indestructible evil god of the Nether Realm.
Of course.
It would be even better if there was a group of them.
For a long time, as a fatal threat to the mortal world, the Nether Realm had already caused countless apocalyptic catastrophes in the mortal world.
Often, what could stop the Nether Realm was not external forces, but internal strife within the factions of the Nether Realm.
Notwithstanding the history of the past, if Justice could work together with the ten evil gods that arrived and share Gold Village before sending an army of fiends to invade the mortal world…
Rayne would have found himself entering the apocalyptic war today.
By working together, the factions of the Nether Realm could release a terrifying power that could sweep through the mortal world and crush Order.
However, the gods of the Nether Realm were forever immersed in their swindling and mutual attacks. Furthermore, they enjoyed it endlessly.
That was not ridiculous at all.
After all, the evil gods were projections of the emotions of all living beings in the mortal world.
As for how living beings reacted to such issues in the mortal world... Well, wasn’t it obvious?
After ending the invasion of the Nether Realm, Rayne obtained some unexpected gains.
He rubbed his eyes, experiencing a strange sensation.
There seemed to be... some other components mixed in the blessing of the dragon eyes given to Rayne.
Was that the blessing of the Blood Empress?
Or was it her curse?
Rayne did not know for the time being.
On the other side.
As the Blood Empress retreated, the Nether Realm corruption ended.
Edaline finally had a chance to heave a sigh of relief.
Indeed, her arrogance had caused her to confuse the strongest evil god of the Nether Realm with the other third-rate gods she had dealt with in the past.
Even if it was a temporary draw with the Blood Empress's projection…
Edaline knew that she was definitely not a match for the Bl…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


What was shocking was that the scenery of the Nether Realm that appeared before Rayne this time round was not the beautiful Succubus Garden that was filled with birds and flowers.
It was a bloody land made up of skulls!
On a rumbling river of blood, the Blood Empress was bathed in the blood of her enemies. The grisly red blood flowed across her snow-white and smooth skin, creating a scene with shocking contrast.
"The trajectory of Gold Village has shifted."
With her back facing Rayne, the Blood Empress washed away the mortal filth on her body and asked, "Seems like you're not intending to use that thing to deal with me?"
Rayne was shocked.
... Was this the blessing of the Blood Empress?
It turned out that the Blood Empress had opened up a permanent entrance to the Nether Realm in Rayne's eyes just like Olivia.
Not only that, through the door of the Nether Realm, the Blood Empress could observe Rayne 24 hours a day like Olivia.
That was also the reason why the Blood Empress knew that Rayne was the cause of the trajectory shift in Gold Village.
Rayne smiled. "Your Majesty…"
"Oh? You're actually quite polite to me."
The Blood Empress gave a fake smile. "Didn't you just summon a group of evil gods to stuff me back into the Nether Realm no matter what?"
Rayne explained with a bitter smile, "I was still your enemy at that time after all, Your Majesty. However, I did not expect you to bless your enemies so benevolently."
The Blood Empress chuckled. "There's no need for pleasantries. Given your understanding of the Nether Realm, you should understand our tempers."
That was for sure.
The gods of the Nether Realm were the main enemies in the later stages of his battle. In order to defeat these unsolvable tumors of chaos, Rayne had done a lot of research on these gods and naturally knew them very well.
Although Rayne schemed against the Blood Empress, she was not a goddess who bore grudges, let alone be petty enough to take revenge on a mortal.
All evil gods were people who loved entertainment and Justice wa…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


Right now, Olivia was facing an unprecedented crisis.
She was being poached.
Olivia examined her long life as a dragon and realized that… this was the first time she was faced with such a problem!
As the Ancient Dragon Princess, she led the complete ancient dragon race. Since they were all compatriots, there was naturally no way they could be poached away by others.
After Olivia advanced to become an evil god, there was no such thing as evil gods poaching or fiends jumping ship in the Nether Realm where she worked.
In broad terms, all the fiends that existed in the Nether Realm were derivatives of the evil gods.
They were already bound to their evil gods they belonged to when they were born.
A succubus would only be a succubus from birth to death.
If she performed better, at best, she would be promoted to become an apostle of the Nether Realm. At worst, she would be sent to be synthesized as fusion material to become an Abyssal Sacred Vow.
However, no matter what, there was no way she could switch races and turn into the Gospel Blood Cavalry so that she could defer to Justice and whatnot...
After all, fiends could not adapt to environments that were not their own and would gradually die just by being away from their territory.
As for the mortal followers that were targeted by the evil gods, they could freely leap left and right between the various faiths and that happened often.
However, that was a normal fluctuation in performance and Olivia had never cared.
At most, she would just find an opportunity to kill the traitors as a demonstration of her displeasure, but it was nothing overboard.
However!
The situation today! Was entirely different!
The variable came from the person being poached.
He was the follower whom Olivia fancied the most and had the greatest potential—the prince of the Haines Empire!
Rayne Haines!
Olivia had never thought that Rayne Haines, who had brought her so much joy and would definitely continue doing so in the future...
Was currently flirting with Justice right in front…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


Although Olivia knew that she was the one who was here first...
In the face of cruel reality, she had to admit.
Her compatibility with Rayne was inferior to Justice.
Furthermore, her offer to Rayne was not as good as Justice's!
If this continued, she also knew that Rayne would definitely throw himself into the embrace of Justice and happily start his dominance of the world with the latter.
As for the agreement between Rayne and Olivia, it would naturally be voided.
Furthermore, Olivia could not make use of this as an excuse to go ham.
That was because Justice would definitely give a compensation that Olivia could not reject on behalf of Rayne.
Everything was so logical and irrefutable...
H-However…
She did not want something like that to happen at all!!!
(●o≧д≦)o
Rayne had just taken in an Imperial Guard as his dog!
Olivia was only satisfied once!
There were clearly… six more Imperial Guards after that! She did not even get the chance to enjoy those six happy meals yet!
Furthermore, it was not only the degeneracy of the Imperial Guards!
In the future, there would also be Leta's Moon Queen and a group of elven demigods. They were also supposed to display their most depraved, cheap and lustful appearances in front of Olivia!
She... She also wanted to see how Rayne Haines would kill an Original Sequence in bed!
At that moment…
There was only a burning jealousy in Olivia's heart!
The Ancient Dragon Princess's gaze turned incomparably dark.
There's absolutely no way I can let Justice snatch away my chosen!
Instantly, the twisted feelings in her heart turned into something even more scorching, impactful and shocking…
It was the breath of a dragon!
Behind the Dragon Princess, the gigantic shadow of a majestic dragon appeared!
The beautiful black dragon had flawless white scales on her chest. Her gigantic figure covered the skies and earth with a terrifying aura that seemed like it could crush the world!
The next moment…
The gigantic dragon roared into the skies and a scorching dragon breath surg…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


As a rift in space opened, Rayne and Hela arrived at a forest in the south of the mortal world.
This place was located in a dwarf kingdom. In the depths of this vast forest, there was a famous sacred ground.
It was a monastery built by the lake.
Even though it was located in a remote area, there were many travelers that made pilgrimages every year.
At the risk of being eaten by the fiend beasts in the forest, they came to visit.
All of this was because there was something extremely special about this monastery.
It was one of the few sacred grounds in the mortal world that would not be polluted by the Nether Realm corruption.
Its name was Remembrance Pure Land1.
The origin of Remembrance Pure Land's ability to resist the Nether Realm corruption came from the unique water quality around the Pure Land—the Lake of Remembrance.
This special spring water could negate the Nether Realm corruption value, causing fiends to require more time and energy if they wanted to corrupt this area.
In theory, if the fiends of the Nether Realm were bent on invading this place, there was a way.
However, the cost-performance ratio was extremely poor and unacceptable.
Therefore, it was not wrong to say that this was a sacred ground that would not be affected by the Nether Realm corruption.
It was precisely because the monastery had the characteristic of blocking the Nether Realm corruption that many pilgrims from the mortal world came due to its reputation.
They wanted to cleanse their minds and souls in the sacred ground and find their inner selves in a Pure Land that was not corroded by the Nether Realm.
The officials of the monastery were very open-minded about this as well. They expressed that they welcomed pilgrims from all over the world as long as money was paid.
Rayne did not have any boss to take down in Remembrance Pure Land.
He was only here to meet someone and take something.
After obtaining the mission item, he would be able to head to the epic battlefield that was truly lethal.
In fact, he might have to use…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


Rayne and Hela spent an eventful month in the monastery.
Finally, the monks of Remembrance Pure Land sent Rayne a piece of good news.
"Your Highness Rayne, you have completed the first test of Remembrance Pure Land. In the past month of cultivation, you have perfectly maintained the purity of your heart. Now, your soul has returned to peace and the degeneration and decay have left you. You have passed the sacred test of the lake. We will now allow you to pay your respects to the divine being of Remembrance Pure Land, the giant of the lake."
Therefore…
After using another golden item to pay as a ticket, Rayne finally had a chance to meet the giant of the lake.
The summoning ritual of the lake giant was held that night.
The monks brought Rayne to the lake beside the monastery.
In reality, the monastery and those monks were just a bunch of mortals who were disturbing the place for no reason.
The lake was the true Remembrance Pure Land.
Here, the monks began the sacred ritual of summoning the divine being in the lake.
Under the bright moon, almost everyone in the monastery was mobilized. In the quiet night, they chanted a sacred true name softly and set up a sacrificial altar.
They prepared sacrifices and used a spell to transmit their voices to the bottom of the lake.
This was their method of communicating with the divine being at the bottom of the Lake of Remembrance.
In theory, as the divine being of the Lake of Remembrance, the lake giant was not someone that anybody could meet just because they wanted to.
However, Rayne was an exception.
As the prince of the Haines Empire, he had a noble and prominent status; he must have visited Remembrance Pure Land because he obtained some information that tempted him.
Therefore, the monks tacitly agreed that this benefactor must have brought an Imperial Guard to Remembrance Pure Land for the sake of the lake giant.
The reason was simple.
The lake giant had an extremely alluring ability, possessing endless wisdom, knowledge of history and insight into the futu…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


"It hurts! My soul… is about to split! So many memories! Why are there so many?! Why are there so many things in your mind?!"
"Wait, what memories are those?! I-Impossible! How could our world… be… ahhhhhh!"
Compared to the previous rituals…
The tragic cries of the testee today were particularly ear-piercing and painful!
It was heart-wrenching!
The monks closed their eyes helplessly… but wait?!
The monks suddenly realized.
That tragic cry did not sound like the voice of Rayne Haines!
Instead, it was extremely similar to... the lake giant?!
The monks hurriedly widened their eyes and stuck their heads out with all their might. In fact, they even activated visual enhancement spells and looked towards the middle of the lake!
Through the thick mist, they saw the mighty and wise lake giant clutching his head in a tragic manner, twisting like a maggot on the lake!
Lake giant: "Ahhhhhhhhhh! It hurts! Please stop! I'm begging you!"
What was going on?!
The person who was enduring the pain of his soul being torn apart and screaming was the lake giant?!
However, Rayne had a calm expression as he looked at the giant twitching in pain—it was as though he was the tester.
The monks were confused and their faces convulsed in shock.
The tragic cries of the lake giant still reverberated through the clear Lake of Remembrance.
A few minutes later…
The tragic cries stopped.
Finally, the cruel torture was over. The lake giant trembled and struggled to support his exhausted body as he crawled up from the lake…
As though he was broken, the eyes of the lake giant darted around wildly, unable to focus.
Eventually, after an unknown period of time…
The lake giant regained some rationality.
There was only endless fear in the way he looked at Rayne now.
The lake giant retreated cowardly. "Y-You…"
Rayne revealed a kind smile.
"You've read my memories, but you haven't gone mad. Well done. Now, you can obtain my reward—Respite, I can answer three of your questions."
The lake giant's voice trembled and his gaze was timid. …

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


The capital of Haines, palace.
The Empress on the sickbed had just received treatment from Constance.
Right now, she was listening to the report of her daughter, the Imperial Guard, Edaline.
Edaline said, "There's a gap in the northern defense line of Leta. A large number of Black Catastrophes tried to break through the Blazing Sun Wall and I repelled them. Unfortunately, I searched the Desolate Tundra for a month later but could not find their lair. That way, it won't be long before they make a comeback."
The Empress said, "There's no need to force it. It's been thousands of years. Be it us, the elves or the mortal world, no one has discovered the origin of the Black Catastrophes. We just have to treat them as a natural disaster and interfere in time when they erupt."
The Empress sighed. "Now that Obadiah, who is guarding the northern front of Leta, has been killed, it will probably take some time for Leta to adjust the new defense structure. I'll have to trouble you guys during this period of time."
Edaline shrugged.
"There's no need to stand on courtesy."
The elves of Leta were filled with hostility towards the Haines Empire.
However, according to the edict of Goddess Order, the Haines Empire had the responsibility of maintaining order in the mortal world.
Even towards enemies who hated her, the Haines Empire was obligated to provide them with fair protection and support.
That was the case for Leta right now.
With the death of Obadiah, not only did the demigods of Letta have to guard against the invasion of quasigods from three directions, the Black Catastrophes of the tundras in the north had also become a huge problem for them.
Last month, Leta encountered an invasion of quasigods. At the same time, a large-scale Nether Realm corruption incident broke out internally.
Just as they were surrounded by enemies…
On the Desolate Tundra, another group of Black Catastrophes began a massive migration to the south.
The Haines Empire could not sit by idly and watch Leta be devoured by a tsunami of Black C…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


Tearing through space, Hela activated teleportation magic and brought Rayne back to the capital.
On the day Rayne returned to the capital…
He encountered something fun.
After a month of bloody battles…
The fight between the two supreme existences of the Nether Realm, the Ancient Dragon Princess, Olivia, and the Blood Empress, Justice, finally came to an end before the aftershock of their battle destroyed the entire Nether Realm.
Two doors to the Nether Realm opened at the same time in front of Rayne.
One was Justice with a calm and pleased expression.
The other was Olivia who was covered in dirt and teary eyes.
Yes…
The outcome was self-evident.
"Boohoo… Rayne, I've lost…"
The background behind Olivia was a dark void.
In the battle between the two supreme existences, a shocking spatial crack was torn out in the Nether Realm.
The natives hidden in the cracks of time and space could adapt to the environment of the Nether Realm.
Therefore, they took advantage of the situation and killed their way in.
As for the poor succubi and Gospel Blood Cavalry, they had no choice but to join forces to clean up the mess left behind by their masters' fight for a man, spending their days miserably defending against these invaders of the void.
The defeated Olivia complained to Rayne in tears.
"Justice is a lunatic! It was clearly an ordinary duel but towards the end, she released the Scar of the End! She wanted to drag the entire world down with her!"
Olivia felt aggrieved!
That b*tch, Justice, had no qualms about ethics!
However, Rayne was touched when he heard that.
The so-called Scar of the End was a product of the Blood Empress's complete release of her Era Swords.
The final day of the world would be frozen and siphoned into crystallization, literally creating a doomsday sword.
When the sword was completely released and returned to its original form, the mortal world would once again experience the recreated apocalyptic calamity that destroyed the world.
That was the strongest weapon in the Nether Realm.
…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


F-Feast?!
Instantly, Olivia's eyes lit up.
That's right!
The six alluring contracts between Rayne and Olivia were not completed yet!
Rayne had not forgotten about Olivia!
On the contrary, he remembered it and was prepared to fulfill his promise to Olivia!
He cares about me!
Rayne's encouragement filled her heart with hope!
At that moment, the door to the Nether Realm that belonged to Olivia began to close.
In Rayne's eyes, Olivia's figure shrank continuously.
However, the sadness on Olivia's face was gone. She had already pulled herself together.
Olivia revealed a bright smile.
"Wait for me! Rayne! The contract between us is still valid and you're still my best collaborator! I'll leave the dragon eyes for you! You have to work hard and bed a few more demigods as well, alright?! Stay strong while I'm not around!"
The door to the Nether Realm in his left eye shrank further.
The smile on Olivia's face stiffened as well.
She looked at Rayne.
She looked at this best entertainment supplier she had encountered in this era.
She looked at Rayne exchanging glances with the crazy b*tch who had just beaten her up and the gradual deepening of their relationship...
Finally, Olivia could not hold it in any longer.
"Boohoo… Rayne, how am I going to live if I can't see you open more bottles of champagne... Boohoo... Rayne... Justice! Can you record and send me a copy of Rayne's nightly activities? Please! Boohoohoo…"
Finally, amidst the embarrassing cries of a defeated dog, the connection between Olivia and Rayne was completely severed.
The door to the Nether Realm closed.
Right now, in Rayne's heart, there was only a single goddess; a supreme existence whom he had to swear fealty to.
The great Blood Empress, Her Majesty Justice.
"Alright, my future chosen."
The Blood Empress revealed a kind smile that did not match her character.
"What prayers do you have for your goddess now?"
…
Capital of Haines, grand prince's residence.
Half a month ago, the grand prince left the borders and returned to the capital…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


Grand Prince Edgeworth hated himself for his stupidity!
Why did he not think of that girl, Edaline, earlier on?!
Compared to their seniors, the new generation of Imperial Guards not only had a purer bloodline and stronger strength, they also had a more unique mindset.
Who could have imagined?
Among the Imperial Guards, there were actually four people who did not fight for fame or seek benefits and believed in the goddess wholeheartedly to uphold the order of the mortal realm and carry out their duties diligently?!
It was absolutely ridiculous!
However, upon careful analysis, one would discover that the ratio was not outrageous.
After all, two of the four people mentioned above possessed divine blood with a purity of more than 90%—they were practically incarnates of Goddess Order.
It was normal for Histia and Edaline to not have any secular desires.
However, even for these immortals with 90% divine blood...
At the end of the day, there would still be personal traits and preferences.
For example, Edaline!
The grand prince did not know what this fella liked.
However, it was obvious that she hated Rayne Haines!
Actually, there were many people in the palace who could not understand.
Edaline and Rayne were siblings after all. Why was their relationship so terrible?
There was no need to discuss the sister. She had no respect for her elders and cursed her brother everyday. Whenever someone mentioned the issue of succession to the throne in front of her, she had a gaze that could practically kill.
As for Rayne, ever since his interest in a married woman's warmth was awakened one random day, he spent his days in the capital immersed in wine and NTR, having almost no interactions with his sister.
However…
The grand prince could understand Edaline.
As a noble descendant of the Crystal Goddess, he knew very well why Edaline hated Rayne.
Rayne Haines was the prince of the Empire and Edaline's biological brother.
However, compared to his invincible younger sister, Rayne was pathetically weak!
Simply put, he was just an ordinary …

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.


In a daze, the grand prince felt as though a cold knife was pressed against his throat.
He could not help but shudder as he looked at Edaline in surprise…
What's going on?
Did I say something wrong again?!
Edaline said indifferently, "I can help you ascend to the crystal throne, but you have to follow my arrangements."
"Fufu, I can't just listen to your arrangements completely. However... alright, if you have any suggestions, I'll be sure to consider them."
The grand prince wanted to put on a tougher front.
However, at the thought of his niece's apocalyptic combat strength… he gave up eventually.
…
Finally...
Edaline decided to take the grand prince with her to meet Rayne.
The grand prince asked, "Meet Rayne? Together?"
Edaline replied, "Yes."
The grand prince smiled. "I see. You want to express your stance through this method to let that lad understand his situation, right?"
That was about it.
Although she wanted to kick Rayne off the throne...
It would be meaningless if Rayne was killed because of that.
Therefore, Edaline decided to let Rayne know openly that she was backing the grand prince right now.
Presently, apart from Histia, Edaline was the strongest existence in the territory of Haines.
If she announced that she was on Edgeworth's side, Rayne would probably back off.
She had also heard that Rayne had been very close to Hela recently.
However, that was useless. Even Thea, Hela and Lilia combined were not a match for Edaline.
The mere fact that Edaline was going to support the grand prince had already determined Rayne's defeat in this political game.
Therefore, please give up.
She would let her stupid brother grit his teeth and curse her for betraying him before living out the rest of his ordinary and boring life peacefully.
After that decision…
A teleportation gate had already opened in front of the grand prince.
Edaline said, "Let's go."
The grand prince was stunned. "What's with the rush?"
Edaline said, "We'll do it while Hela is still around. That way, she can be reminded to…

We are unable to load the verification.Please unblock any scripts or login to continue reading.


Verify below to continue reading



Please login to continue reading.

